<ROW>0</ROW><BILL>"Jackson County, Mississippi.--Section 219 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (106 Stat. 4835; 110 Stat. 3757) is amended-- in subsection , by striking paragraph and inserting the following: ``Jackson county, mississippi.--Provision of an alternative water supply and a project for the elimination or control of combined sewer overflows for Jackson County, Mississippi.''; and in subsection , by striking ``$10,000,000'' and inserting ``$20,000,000''. Manchester, New Hampshire.--Section 219of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (106 Stat. 4835; 110 Stat. 3757) is amended by striking ``$10,000,000'' and inserting ``$20,000,000''. Atlanta, Georgia.--Section 219of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (106 Stat. 4835; 113 Stat. 335) is amended by striking ``$25,000,000 for''. Paterson, Passaic County, and Passaic Valley, New Jersey.-- Section 219of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (106 Stat. 4835; 113 Stat. 335) is amended by striking ``$20,000,000 for''. Elizabeth and North Hudson, New Jersey.--Section 219of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (106 Stat. 4835; 113 Stat. 335) is amended-- in paragraph , by striking ``$20,000,000'' and inserting ``$10,000,000''; and in paragraph -- by striking ``$10,000,000'' and inserting ``$20,000,000''; and by striking ``in the city of North Hudson'' and inserting ``for the North Hudson Sewerage Authority''. Section 1103of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 652) (as amended by section 509of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (113 Stat. 340)) is amended by striking ``paragraph '' and inserting ``paragraph ''. Section 346 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (113 Stat. 309) is amended by striking ``economically acceptable'' and inserting ``environmentally acceptable''. Section 364 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (113 Stat. 313) is amended-- by striking ``Each'' and all that follows through the colon and inserting the following: ``Each of the following projects is authorized to be carried out by the Secretary, and no construction on any such project may be initiated until the Secretary determines that the project is technically sound, environmentally acceptable, and economically justified:''; by striking paragraph ; and by redesignating paragraphs through as paragraphs through , respectively. Section 103of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2213) (as amended by section 215of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (113 Stat. 292)) is amended by striking ``or for which a feasibility study is completed after that date,'' and inserting ``except for a project for which a District Engineer's Report is completed by that date,''. Section 371 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (113 Stat. 321) is amended-- by inserting ``In General.--'' before ``The''; and by adding at the end the following: ``Crediting of Reduction in Non-Federal Share.--The project cooperation agreement for the Comite River Diversion Project shall include a provision that specifies that any reduction in the non- Federal share that results from the modification under subsection shall be credited toward the share of project costs to be paid by the Amite River Basin Drainage and Water Conservation District.''. Section 535of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (113 Stat. 349) is amended by striking ``the city of Chesapeake'' each place it appears and inserting ``Chesapeake City''. OF THE ARMY. Recommendations of Inland Waterways Users Board.--Section 302of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2251) is amended in the last sentence by striking ``The'' and inserting ``Notwithstanding section 3003 of Public Law 104-66 (31 U.S.C. 1113 note; 109 Stat. 734), the''. List of Authorized but Unfunded Studies.--Section 710of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2264) is amended in the first sentence by striking ``Not'' and inserting ``Notwithstanding section 3003 of Public Law 104-66 (31 U.S.C. 1113 note; 109 Stat. 734), not''. Reports on Participation of Minority Groups and Minority-Owned Firms in Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet Feature.--Section 844of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (100 Stat. 4177) is amended in the second sentence by striking ``The'' and inserting ``Notwithstanding section 3003 of Public Law 104-66 (31 U.S.C. 1113 note; 109 Stat. 734), the''. List of Authorized but Unfunded Projects.--Section 1001of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 579a) is amended in the first sentence by striking ``Every'' and inserting ``Notwithstanding section 3003 of Public Law 104-66 (31 U.S.C. 1113 note; 109 Stat. 734), every''. Program Authorization.--The program described in subsection is hereby authorized. Authorization of Appropriations.--Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Transportation for the program authorized in subsection in amounts as follows: Fiscal year 2000.--For fiscal year 2000, $10,000,000. Fiscal year 2001.--For fiscal year 2001, $10,000,000. Fiscal year 2002.--For fiscal year 2002, $7,000,000. Applicability.--The program referred to in subsection is the program for which funds appropriated in title I of Public Law 106- 69 under the heading ``FEDERAL RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION'' are available for obligation upon the enactment of legislation authorizing the program. Speaker of the House of Representatives. Vice President of the United States and President of the Senate."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. environmental infrastructure. (a) jackson county, mississippi. --section 219 of the water resources development act of 1992 (106 stat. 4835; 110 stat. 3757) is amended in the last sentence by striking "the" and inserting "notwithstanding section 3003 of public law 104-66 (31 u.s.c. 1113 note; 109 stat. 734), the".(b) list of authorized but unfunded studies. --section 710 (a) of the water resources development act of 1986 (33 u.s.c. 2264 (a)) is amended in the first sentence by striking "not" and inserting "notwithstanding section 3003 of public law 104-66 (31 u.si.c- 1113 note; 109 stat. 734), not". (c) reports on participation of minority groups and minority-owned firms in mississippi river-gulf outlet feature. --sections 844 (b) of water resources Development act of1986 (100 stat. 4177) is amended In the second sentence by struck "the" and insertion "notnotwithstanding sections 3003of public law104-66(31 u-s.a. 1113 notes; 109 Stat. 80034), the". (d) listof authorized but ununded projects. -- section 1001 (b)(2) ofthe water resources research act of 2006 (33 U.s.-c. 579a (b),2)) is amend in the second sentences by striking “every" and inserted "not-withstanding section3003 of Public law 104 -66 (41 u.ss.c.- 1113note; 109 min. 733), every". sec. 9. authorizations for program previously and currently funded. (a). program authorization. --the program described in subsection (b6) is hereby authorized. (b). authorization of appropriations. --funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the department of transportation for the program authorized in subsection 1a) in amounts as follows: (1) fiscal year 2000.--for fiscal year 2001, $10,000,000. (2) fiscal years 2001.--for Fiscal year 2002, $9,000-000. Sec. 9, authorizations. authorizes for program currently and currently funding. (c). program authorized. -- the program describedIn subsection (c’ is authorized. "b) authorization of appropriation. --authors are not authorized to the program for the state of transportation. (d). (e) appropriations. (f) appropriations for the federal railroad administration. (g) appropriations authorized for the Department of Transportation for the programs authorized in subsections (a), in amounts and amounts as following: 1) fiscal Year 2000--for fiscal years 2000, $5,000;000. 2) fiscalyear 2001.--For fiscal year2001, $8,000 million</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6333500742912292</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>1</ROW><BILL>"That this Act may be cited as the ``Federal Forage Fee Act of 1993''. Findings.--Congress finds and declares that-- it is in the national interest that the public lands are producing and continue to produce water and soil conservation benefits, livestock forage, wildlife forage and recreation and other multiple use opportunities; rangelands will continue to be stabilized and improved long term by providing for cooperative agreements, private, public partnerships and flexibility in management programs and agreements; to assure sound management and stewardship of the renewable resources it is imperative to charge a fee that is reasonable and equitable and represents the fair value of the forage provided; the intermingled private-public land ownership patterns prevailing in much of the west create a strong interdependence between public and private lands for forage, water, and habitat for both wildlife and livestock; the social and economic infrastructure of many rural communities and stability of job opportunities in many areas of rural America are highly independent on the protection of the value of privately held production units on Federal lands. Unless contrary to this statute, all grazing operations conducted on any Federal lands shall be subject to all applicable Federal, State, and local laws, including but not limited to: Animal Damage Control Act (7 U.S.C. 426-426b). Bankhead-Jones Farm Tenant Act (50 Stat. 522) as amended. Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401-7642) as amended. Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531-1544) as amended. Federal Advisory Committee Act (86 Stat. 770), as amended. Federal Grant and Cooperative Agreement Act of 1977 (92 Stat. 3). Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136-136y), as amended. Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 1387), as amended. Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1600-1614). Granger-Thye Act (64 Stat. 82). Independent Offices Appropriations Act of 1952 (31 U.S.C. 9701), as amended, title V. Multiple Use Sustained Yield Act of 1960 (16 U.S.C. 528-531). National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321-4370a), as amended. (15 National Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 1600, 1611-1614). Public Rangelands Improvement Act of 1978 (92 Stat. 1803). Taylor Grazing Act (48 Stat. 1269), as amended. Wilderness Act (78 Stat. 890), as amended. For the purpose of this section the terms: ``Sixteen Western States'' means WA, CA, ID, NV, NM, WY, CO, KS, SD, ND, NE, OR, OK, AZ, UT and MT. ``AUM'' means an animal unit month as that term is used in the Public Rangeland Improvement Act (92 Stat. 1803); ``Authorized Federal AUMs'' means all ``allotted AUMs'' reported by BLM and ``permitted to graze AUMs'' reported by USFS. ``WAPLLR'' means the weighted average private land lease rate determined by multiplying the private land lease rate reported by the Economic Research Service for the previous calendar year for each of the sixteen Western States by the total number of authorized Federal AUMs, as defined in section 3, in each State for the previous fiscal year, then that result divided by the total number of authorized Federal AUMs for the sixteen Western States. These individual State results are then added together and divided by 16 to yield a weighted average private land lease rate for that year. ``Report'' means the report titled ``Grazing Fee Review and Evaluation Update of the 1986 Final Report'' dated April 30, 1992 and prepared by the Departments of the Interior and Agriculture. ``Nonfee cost differential'' means a value calculated annually by the Secretaries by multiplying the weighted difference in nonfee costs per AUM between public land and private land by the Input Cost Index determined annually by the Department of Agriculture. The weighted difference in nonfee costs is a factor of 0.552 determined by deducting the private AUM nonfee costs (as outlined on page 58 of the report) from the public AUM nonfee costs for cattle times 4, added to the result of deducting private AUM nonfee costs from public AUM nonfee costs for sheep times 1, then that result divided by 5.'' ``Net production differential'' is the percentage calculated annually by dividing the cash receipts per cow for Federal permittee livestock producers by the cash receipts per cow for western non-Federal livestock producers in the sixteen Western States as surveyed by the Economic Research Service in annual cost of production surveys . ``PLFVR'' means the private lease forage value ratio determined by dividing the average of the 1964-1968 base years' private land lease rate into the forage value portion of the private land lease rate of $1.78 as determined in the 1966 western livestock grazing survey. The Secretaries of the Department of Agriculture and the Department of the Interior shall calculate annually the Federal forage fee by calculating the average of the WALLPR for the preceding three years; multiplying it by the PLFVR; then deducting from that result the nonfee cost differential; and multiplying that result by the net production differential. For each year that this calculation is made, all data used for calculating this fee shall come from the calendar year previous to the year for which the fee is being calculated unless specified otherwise in the above calculations. The Federal forage fee shall apply to all authorized Federal AUMs under the jurisdiction of the United States Department of Agriculture and the United States Department of the Interior. For the first year that the Secretaries calculate the Federal forage fee, the fee shall not be greater than 125 percent, or less than 75 percent of the fee calculated for the previous year pursuant to Executive Order 12548 dated February 14, 1986. For each year after the first year that the Secretaries calculate the Federal forage fee, the fee shall not be greater than 125 percent, or less than 75 percent of the Federal forage fee calculated for the previous year. The survey of nonfee costs used to calculate the nonfee cost differential shall be updated periodically by the Secretaries so as to reflect as accurately as possible the actual nonfee costs incurred by the cattle and sheep industry that utilizes public lands in the sixteen Western States. The results of the updated survey shall be incorporated into the calculation of the Non Fee Cost Differential as they become available."</BILL><SUMMARY>that this act may be cited as the "federal forage fee act of 1993". section 1. findings. (a) findings. --congress finds and declares that-- (1) it is in the national interest that the public lands are producing and continue to produce water and soil conservation benefits, livestock forage, wildlife forage and recreation and other multiple use opportunities; (2) rangelands will continue to be stabilized and improved long term by providing for cooperative agreements, private, public partnerships and flexibility in management programs and agreements; (3) to assure sound management and stewardship of the renewable resources it is imperative to charge a fee that is reasonable and equitable and represents the fair value of the forage provided; (4) the intermingled private-public land ownership patterns prevailing in much of the west create a strong interdependence between public and private lands for forage; (5) the social and economic infrastructure of many rural communities and stability of job opportunities in many areas of rural america are highly independent on the protection of the value of privately held production units on federal lands. sec. 2. environmental and land use requirements. unless contrary to this statute, all grazing operations conducted on any federal lands shall be subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws, including but not limited to: (1)(a) the public land ownership is highly independent of the public interest; (b) public land use is highly dependent on the social, economic, and environmental benefits of the private land ownership; (c) public lands and habitat for both wildlife and livestock; (d) public and non-public lands are highly dependent upon the public and economic resources of many areas; and (e) the national forests are highly dependant on the environmental, wildlife, and habitat of many lands.3 (a)(3), in each state for the previous fiscal year, then that result divided by the total number of authorized federal aums for the sixteen western states. these individual state results are then added together and divided by 16 to yield a weighted average private land lease rate for that year. (5) "report" means the report titled "grazing fee review and evaluation update of the 1986 final report" dated april 30, 1992 and prepared by the departments of the interior and agriculture. (6) "nonfee cost differential" means a value calculated annually by the secretaries by multiplying the weighted difference in nonfee costs per aum between public land and private land by the input cost index (ici) determined annually by a department of agriculture. the weighted Difference in Nonfee costs is a factor of 0.552 determined by deducting the private aum nonfee Costs (as outlined on page 58 of the report) from the public aum. added to the result of deducting private aUM nonfee cost from public aums times 4, and multiplying that result by 1, then the result is "net production differential." (7) "numbers" means "netproduction differential" is the percentage calculated annually in the United States by dividing the percentage of nonfee expenses by the number of cattle and sheep producers that utilizes public lands in the sixteen eastern states. the percentages are calculated by dividing by the percentage determined by the following table: "net output differential" which means the percentage that is determined by dividing "non-federal livestock producers by the cash receipts per cow for federal permittee livestock producers. the percentage is calculated annually as dividing the total amount of cash receipts for western non-ffederal cattle producers in the 16 western states as surveyed by the economic research service in annual cost of production surveys (cops). (8) "plfvr" means an average of the private lease forage value ratio determined by divided the averageof the 1964-1968 base years' private land rent rate into the forage values portion of the Private land lease rates of $1.78 as determined in the 1966 western livestock grazing survey. (b) the secretaries of the department of Agriculture and the departmentof the interior shall calculate annually the federal forage fee by calculating the average of each of the wallpr and wallpr for the preceding three years; multiplying it by the plfvr; then deducting from that result the nonfee fee; and dividing that result, the net production differential. for each year that this</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.4777994155883789</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>2</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Merchant Marine of World War II Congressional Gold Medal Act''. The Congress finds the following: 2015 marks the 70th anniversary of the Allied victory in World War II and the restoration of peacetime across the European and Pacific theaters. The United States Merchant Marine was integral in providing the link between domestic production and the fighting forces overseas, providing combat equipment, fuel, food, commodities, and raw materials to troops stationed overseas. Fleet Admiral Ernest J. King acknowledged the indispensability of the Merchant Marine to the victory in a 1945 letter stating that without their support, ``the Navy could not have accomplished its mission''. President and former Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces, Dwight D. Eisenhower, acknowledged that ``through the prompt delivery of supplies and equipment to our armed forces overseas, and of cargoes representing economic and military aid to friendly nations, the American Merchant Marine has effectively helped to strengthen the forces of freedom throughout the world''. Military missions and war planning were contingent upon the availability of resources and that the United States Merchant Marine played a vital role in this regard, ensuring the efficient and reliable transoceanic transport of military equipment as well as both military and civilian personnel. The United States Merchant Marine provided for the successful transport of resources and personnel despite consistent and ongoing exposure to enemy combatants from both the air and the sea, such as enemy bomber squadrons, submarines, and mines. The efforts of the United States Merchant Marine were not without sacrifices as they bore a higher per capita casualty rate than any other branch of the military during the war. The United States Merchant Marine proved to be an instrumental asset on untold occasions, participating in every landing operation by the United States Marine Corps from Guadalcanal to Iwo Jima as well as providing, for instance, the bulk tonnage of material necessary for the invasion of Normandy which ``would not have been possible without the Merchant Marine'', as a 1944 New York Times article observed. In also assessing their performance, General Dwight D. Eisenhower stated, ``every man in this Allied command is quick to express his admiration for the loyalty, courage, and fortitude of the officers and men of the Merchant Marine. We count upon their efficiency and their utter devotion to duty as we do our own; they have never failed us''. During a September 1944 speech, President Franklin D. Roosevelt stated, the Merchant Marine has ``delivered the goods when and where needed in every theater of operations and across every ocean in the biggest, the most difficult, and dangerous transportation job ever undertaken. As time goes on, there will be greater public understanding of our merchant fleet's record during this war.''. The feats and accomplishments of the Merchant Marine are deserving of broader public recognition. The United States will be forever grateful and indebted to the U.S. Merchant Marine for their effective, reliable, and courageous transport of goods and resources in enemy territory throughout theaters of every variety in World War II; that these goods and resources saved thousands of lives and enabled the Allied Powers to claim victory in World War II. The Congressional Gold Medal will be an appropriate way to shed further light on the service of the Merchant Marine in World War II and the instrumental role they played in winning World War II. Award Authorized.--The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the award, on behalf of the Congress, of a single gold medal of appropriate design to the U.S. Merchant Marine of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II. Design and Striking.--For the purposes of the award referred to in subsection , the Secretary of the Treasury (hereafter referred to as the ``Secretary'') shall strike the gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary. American Merchant Marine Museum.-- In general.--Following the award of the gold medal in honor of the U.S. Merchant Marine, the gold medal shall be given to the American Merchant Marine Museum, where it will be available for display as appropriate and available for research. Under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under section 3, at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses. National Medals.--Medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. Numismatic Items.--For purposes of section 5134 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. Passed the House of Representatives November 30, 2016. Attest: KAREN L. HAAS, Clerk."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "merchant marine of world war ii congressional gold medal act". sec. 2. findings. the congress finds the following: (1) 2015 marks the 70th anniversary of the allied victory in world war iii and the restoration of peacetime across the european and pacific theaters. (2) the united states merchant marine was integral in providing the link between domestic production and the fighting forces overseas, providing combat equipment, fuel, food, commodities, and raw materials to troops stationed overseas. (3) fleet admiral ernest j. king acknowledged the indispensability of the merchant marine to the victory in a 1945 letter stating that without their support, "the navy could not have accomplished its mission". (4) president and former supreme commander of the l. american merchant marine, dwight d. eisenhower, acknowledged that "through the prompt delivery of supplies and equipment to our armed forces, and of cargoes representing economic and military aid to friendly nations, the american Merchant marine has effectively helped to strengthen the forces of freedom throughout the world". (5) military missions and war planning were contingent upon the availability of resources and that the united States merchant marine played a vital role in this regard, ensuring the efficient and reliable transoceanic transport of military equipment as well as both military and civilian personnel. (6) theunited states Merchant marine provided for the successful transport of resources, including consistent and ongoing exposure to enemy combatants from both the air and the sea, such as enemy bomber squadrons, submarines, and mines. (5a) military mission and war plan were contingent on the availability and that it was contingent upon a higher per capita casualty rate than any other branch of the military during the war. (8) the divided states merchant marines played a critical role in that regard, providing the efficient, reliable trans-ceanic transportation of military items as wellas both military, civilian personnel, and the allied forces. (4a) the United states merchant Marine provided for a successful transport and personnel despite consistent and constant exposure to the enemy combatants. (7) the efforts of the united kings merchant marine were not without sacrifices as they bore a higher than average per capita death rate than other branch and the military During the war, and they bore in the highest per capita civilian casualty rate ever undertaken. as time goes on, there will be greater public understanding of our merchant fleet's record during this war. "The united states will be forever grateful</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6527458429336548</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>3</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as ``Small Business Tax Modernization Act of 2004''. Termination of S Corporation Status.-- No new s corporation elections.--Subsection of section 1362 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ``Termination of authority to make election.--No election may be made under paragraph for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2004.''. Termination of status.--Subsection of section 1362 of such Code (relating to termination) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ``Treatment as partnership after 2014.--An election under subsection -- ``shall not be effective for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2014, and ``shall be treated as an election under section 7701for taxable years beginning after such date.''. Effective date.--The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2004. Election by Certain Corporations to Be Taxed as Partnership.-- In general.--Paragraph of section 7701of such Code (defining partnership and partner) is amended to read as follows: ``Partnership and partner.-- ``In general.--The term `partnership' includes a syndicate, group, pool, joint venture, or other unincorporated organization, through or by means of which any business, financial operation, or venture is carried on, and which is not, within the meaning of this title, a trust or estate or a corporation; and the term `partner' includes a member in such a syndicate, group, pool, joint venture, or organization. ``Election by corporation to be taxed as partnership.-- ``In general.--An eligible corporation may elect to be treated as a partnership for purposes of this title. ``Tax treatment.--Except as provided in section 1379A-- ``no gain or loss shall be recognized to the corporation or the shareholders by reason of an election under clause , and ``except in the case of an election made by a S corporation after the end of the recognition period (as defined in section 1374without regard to subparagraph thereof), section 1374 shall apply to the entity after such election. ``Eligible corporation.--For purposes of clause , the term `eligible corporation' means an entity-- ``which, without regard to this subparagraph, is a domestic corporation no stock of which is readily tradable on an established securities market or otherwise, and ``which is not an ineligible corporation (as defined by section 1361). ``Election and termination.--For purposes of this subparagraph, rules similar to the rules of section 1362 (other than subsections , and , and thereof) shall apply. ``Distributions, etc.--Each partner shall include in gross income as a dividend, any amount that would have been so includible had the entity been an S corporation during the period the entity was treated as a partnership. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the provisions of subchapter K of chapter 1 shall apply to determine the basis of any property distributed and the basis of any interest in the partnership. ``Cross reference.--For tax treatment of S corporation electing unified pass-thru regime, see section 1379A.''. Tax treatment of s corporation electing unified pass- thru regime.-- In general.--Part IV of subchapter S of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by inserting after section 1379 the following new section: `` REGIME. ``In the case of an election under section 7701by an S corporation before January 1, 2015, with respect to the corporation-- ``the shareholders shall be treated as if the assets were distributed, on the date of such election, to the shareholders in exchange for their stock, ``any gain or loss recognized to the shareholders by reason of paragraph shall be taken into account by the shareholders ratably over the taxable year in which the distribution is deemed to be made under paragraph and the succeeding 4 taxable years, and ``proper adjustments to the basis of interests in the entity shall be made.''. Clerical amendment.--The table of sections for part IV of subchapter S of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1379 the following new item: ``Sec. 1379A. Tax treatment of S corporation electing unified pass-thru regime.''. Modification to treatment of section 1374 tax for earnings and profits purposes.--Paragraph of section 1366of such Code is amended to read as follows: ``Treatment of tax imposed on built-in gains.-- ``In general.--The amount of the items of the net recognized built-in gain taken into account under section 1374(reduced by any deduction allowed under section 1374) shall not be taken into account under this section. ``Earnings and profits.--The accumulated earnings and profits of the corporation shall be increased at the beginning of the taxable year by the amount not taken into account under this section by reason of subparagraph (determined without regard to section 1374) reduced by the tax imposed by section 1374 (net of credits allowed).''. Effect of election on recognition period for purposes of tax imposed on built-in gains.--Paragraph of section 1374of such Code is amended to read as follows: ``Recognition period.-- ``In general.--The term `recognition period' means the 10-year period beginning with the 1st day of the 1st taxable year for which the corporation was an S corporation. For purposes of applying this section to any amount includible in income by reason of section 593, the preceding sentence shall be applied without regard to the phrase `10-year'. ``Special rule relating to election of corporation to be taxed as partnership.-- ``In general.--In the case of an election under section 7701, subparagraph shall be applied by substituting `25-year' for `10-year' both places it appears. ``Exception where 10-year period expired.--If, on the date of an election referred to in clause by a corporation, the 10-year period specified in subparagraph with respect to such corporation has expired, clause shall not apply to such corporation.''. Effective dates.--The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2004. Step Transaction Doctrine not to Apply to Partnership Incorporation Followed by Corporate Reorganization.-- In general.--Section 351 of such Code is amended by redesignating subsection as subsection and by inserting after subsection the following new subsection: ``Special Rule for Partnerships Which Incorporate and Subsequently Reorganize.--The step transaction doctrine and any similar doctrine shall not apply for purposes of determining whether the control requirement of subsection is met in any case in which-- ``a partnership engaged in an active trade or business transfers substantially all of the property used in carrying on such trade or business to a corporation which is not publicly traded, and ``such corporation subsequently enters into a reorganization under this chapter.''. Effective date.--The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to transactions after December 31, 2004. EARNINGS FROM SELF-EMPLOYMENT. In General.--Paragraph of section 1402of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ``there shall be excluded the distributive share of net income of a partner attributable to capital;''. Partnership Income Attributable to Capital.--Section 1402 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Partnership Income Attributable to Capital.-- ``In general.--For purposes of subsection , the following amounts shall be treated as income attributable to capital-- ``the amount, if any, in excess of what would constitute reasonable compensation for services rendered by such partner to the partnership, and ``an amount equal to a reasonable rate of return on unreturned capital of the partner determined as of the beginning of the taxable year. ``Definitions.--For purposes of paragraph -- ``Unreturned capital.--The term `unreturned capital' means the excess of the aggregate amount of money and the fair market value as of the date of contribution of other consideration (net of liabilities) contributed by the partner over the aggregate amount of money and the fair market value as of the date of distribution of other consideration (net of liabilities) distributed by the partnership to the partner, increased or decreased for the partner's distributive share of all reportable items as determined in section 702. If the partner acquires a partnership interest and the partnership makes an election under section 754, the partner's unreturned capital shall take into account appropriate adjustments under section 743. ``Reasonable rate of return.--A reasonable rate of return on unreturned capital shall equal 150 percent (or such higher rate as is established in regulations) of the highest applicable Federal rate, as determined under section 1274, at the beginning of the partnership's taxable year. ``Regulations.--The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this subsection.''. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to services performed in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2004."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as "small business tax modernization act of 2004". sec. 2. unified pass-thru entity regime. (a) termination of s corporation status. -- (1) no new s corporation elections. --subsection (a)(a) of section 1362 of the internal revenue code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: "(3) termination (a). --no election may be made under paragraph (1)(1) for any taxable year beginning after december 31, 2004.". (2) effective date.--for tax treatment of s corporation electing unified pass-thru regime, see section 1379a. ". (2) income tax treatment for s corporation elect unified pay- thru regime. -- (a) in general. --part iv of subchapter s of chapter 1 of such code is amended by inserting after section 1378 the following new section: "sec. 1379 a. tax treatmentof s corporation elected unified pass -thru system. "in the case of an election under section 7701 (a)(2) (b) by an s corporation before january 1, 2015, with respect to the corporation-- "(1) the shareholders shall be treated as if the assets were distributed, on the date of such election, to the shareholders in exchange for their stock, "(2) any gain or loss recognized to the investors by reason of paragraph (1) shall be taken into account by the shareholders ratably over the taxable year in which the distribution is deemed to be made under paragraph (a and the succeeding 4 taxable years, and "(3) proper adjustments to the basis of interests in the entity shall be made. ". " (b)(a) clerical amendment. --the table of sections for part iv of Subchapter sof chapter 1of such code. -- the table of paragraphs (1), shall be amended to read as follows: "(1)(1) and the following 4 taxable year. "(2)(1)(2)(3) and "(4) the distribution of the assets in the corporation shall be considered to be taxable years. "(3(b) proper changes to the structure of interestsIn the entity, the following adjustments to be make. ".(b (b- clerical amendments. -the table and sections for section iv of chapter1 of such Code is amended) of section 1366(f) of the same code is used by insertingAfter section 1374 the following item relating to section 1375 the following additional item: "Sec. 1378a. tax treated of s corporations electing unified wash-thro regime. ". -3) modification to treatment of sections 1374 tax for earnings and profits purposes. --paragraph (2" of section1366(c) of such codes is amended to reading as follows:(2) treatment of tax imposed on built-in gains. -- " (a). --the amount of the items of the net recognized built-ins gain taken into consideration under section 1371 (b61) (reduced by any deduction allowed under section13-- (1) in general. --section 351 of such code is amended by redesignating subsection (h) as subsection (i) and by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: "(h) special rule for partnerships which incorporate and subsequently reorganize. --the step transaction doctrine and any similar doctrine shall not apply for purposes of determining whether the control requirement of subsection (a) is met in any case in which-- "(1) a partnership engaged in an active trade or business transfers substantially all of the property used in carrying on such trade orbusiness to a corporation which is not publicly traded, and "(2) such corporation subsequently enters into a reorganization under this chapter. ". (2) effective date. -the amendment made by this subsection shall apply to transactions after december 31, 2004. sec. 3. partnership income attributable to capital excluded from net earnings from self-employment. (a). --paragraph (13) of section 1402 (a)(a) of the internal revenue code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: "(13) there shall be excluded the distributive share of net income of a partner attributable to Capital;". (b) partnership income per year. --(a) partnership revenue code. --paragraph 1402 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. --paragraph 1402, the Internal revenue code (internal revenue code) of 1986, is amended. --chapter 1402 is amended as read as as follows. "(a) the internal Revenue code of 1987 is amended, and the internal income code of 1985 is amended (a), as follows:(13) " there shall not be excluded from the distribution of net earnings of a Partner attributable to the partnership;". "b) partner income attributable. -- (b). --section 1402(a)(b) is amendedby adding at the end the following New subsection: "l) partnership Income attributable to a capital. -- "(1" in general, the following amounts shall be treated as income attributable: --for purposes of subsection 27 (a(13), the following amount shall be considered as income per capital-- " (a" the amount, if any, in excess of what would constitute reasonable compensation for services rendered by such partner to the partners, and " (b’ an amount equal to a reasonable rate of return on unreturned capital of the partner determined as of the beginning of the taxable year. "(2 (a,b) definitions. --for the purposes of paragraph (1)-- " ( a) un</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6223305463790894</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>4</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Fair Access to Investment Research Act of 2016''. Expansion of the Safe Harbor.--Not later than the end of the 45-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall propose, and not later than the end of the 180-day period beginning on such date, the Commission shall adopt, upon such terms, conditions, or requirements as the Commission may determine necessary or appropriate in the public interest, for the protection of investors, and for the promotion of capital formation, revisions to section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to provide that a covered investment fund research report that is published or distributed by a broker or dealer-- shall be deemed, for purposes of sections 2and 5of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b, 77e), not to constitute an offer for sale or an offer to sell a security that is the subject of an offering pursuant to a registration statement that is effective, even if the broker or dealer is participating or will participate in the registered offering of the covered investment fund's securities; and shall be deemed to satisfy the conditions of paragraph or of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor provisions, for purposes of the Commission's rules and regulations under the Federal securities laws and the rules of any self-regulatory organization. Implementation of Safe Harbor.--In implementing the safe harbor pursuant to subsection , the Commission shall-- not, in the case of a covered investment fund with a class of securities in substantially continuous distribution, condition the safe harbor on whether the broker's or dealer's publication or distribution of a covered investment fund research report constitutes such broker's or dealer's initiation or reinitiation of research coverage on such covered investment fund or its securities; not-- require the covered investment fund to have been registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-1 et seq.) or subject to the reporting requirements of section 13 or 15of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m, 78o) for any period exceeding the period of time referenced under paragraph of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations; or impose a minimum float provision exceeding that referenced in paragraph of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations; provide that a self-regulatory organization may not maintain or enforce any rule that would-- prohibit the ability of a member to publish or distribute a covered investment fund research report solely because the member is also participating in a registered offering or other distribution of any securities of such covered investment fund; or prohibit the ability of a member to participate in a registered offering or other distribution of securities of a covered investment fund solely because the member has published or distributed a covered investment fund research report about such covered investment fund or its securities; and provide that a covered investment fund research report shall not be subject to section 24of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-24) or the rules and regulations thereunder, except that such report may still be subject to such section and the rules and regulations thereunder to the extent that it is otherwise not subject to the content standards in the rules of any self-regulatory organization related to research reports, including those contained in the rules governing communications with the public regarding investment companies or substantially similar standards. Rules of Construction.--Nothing in this Act shall be construed as in any way limiting-- the applicability of the antifraud or antimanipulation provisions of the Federal securities laws and rules adopted thereunder to a covered investment fund research report, including section 17 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77q), section 34of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-33), and sections 9 and 10 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78i, 78j); or the authority of any self-regulatory organization to examine or supervise a member's practices in connection with such member's publication or distribution of a covered investment fund research report for compliance with applicable provisions of the Federal securities laws or self-regulatory organization rules related to research reports, including those contained in rules governing communications with the public. Interim Effectiveness of Safe Harbor.-- In general.--From and after the 180-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, if the Commission has not adopted revisions to section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, as required by subsection , and until such time as the Commission has done so, a broker or dealer distributing or publishing a covered investment fund research report after such date shall be able to rely on the provisions of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, and the broker or dealer's publication of such report shall be deemed to satisfy the conditions of paragraph or of that section if the covered investment fund that is the subject of such report satisfies the reporting history requirements (without regard to Form S-3 or Form F-3 eligibility) and minimum float provisions of such subsections for purposes of the Commission's rules and regulations under the Federal securities laws and the rules of any self-regulatory organization, as if revised and implemented in accordance with subsections and . Status of covered investment fund.--After such period and until the Commission has adopted revisions to section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, and FINRA has revised rule 2210, for purposes of subsection of such rule, a covered investment fund shall be deemed to be a security that is listed on a national securities exchange and that is not subject to section 24of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-24). Communications concerning only covered investment funds that fall within the scope of such section shall not be required to be filed with FINRA. Definitions.--For purposes of this Act: The term ``covered investment fund research report'' means a research report published or distributed by a broker or dealer about a covered investment fund or any securities issued by the covered investment fund, but does not include a research report to the extent that the research report is published or distributed by the covered investment fund or any affiliate of the covered investment fund. The term ``covered investment fund'' means-- an investment company registered under, or that has filed an election to be treated as a business development company under, the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-1 et seq.) and that has filed a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77a et seq.) for the public offering of a class of its securities, which registration statement has been declared effective by the Commission; and a trust or other person-- issuing securities in an offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and which class of securities is listed for trading on a national securities exchange; the assets of which consist primarily of commodities, currencies, or derivative instruments that reference commodities or currencies, or interests in the foregoing; and that provides in its registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 that a class of its securities are purchased or redeemed, subject to conditions or limitations, for a ratable share of its assets. The term ``FINRA'' means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. The term ``research report'' has the meaning given that term under section 2of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b), except that such term shall not include an oral communication. The term ``self-regulatory organization'' has the meaning given to that term under section 3of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c)."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "fair access to investment research act of 2016". sec. 2. safe harbor for investment fund research. (a) expansion of the safe harbor. --not later than the end of the 45-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this act, the securities and exchange commission shall propose, and not later than, upon such terms, conditions, or requirements as the commission may determine necessary or appropriate in the public interest, for the protection of investors, and for the promotion of capital formation, revisions to section 230.139 of title 17, code of federal regulations, to provide that a covered investment fund report that is published or distributed by a broker or dealer-- (1) shall be deemed, for purposes of sections 2 (a)(10) and 5 (c) of the securities act of 1933 (15 u.s.c. 80a-1 et seq. ) or any successor provisions, to be effective, and (2) to be applicable to the securities exchange act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m, 77e (c)), not to constitute an offer for sale or an offer to sell a security that is the subject of an offering pursuant to a registration statement that is effective, even if the broker or dealers is participating or will participate in the registered offering of the covered investment Fund's securities; and (3) shall not be deemed to satisfy the conditions of paragraph (a(a)(1) or (a-2) of section 230(a), code of Federal regulations, or any successors provisions, or the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of any securities exchange acts of 1934, 77a-7 et seq., or the commission's rules and regulations under the federal securities laws and the rules of any self-regulatory organization. (b) implementation of safe harbor, or (c), the commission shall, in the case of a covered Investment Fund with a class of securities in substantially continuous distribution, condition the safe harbour on whether the broker's or dealer's publication or distribution of a cover investment fund or the securities of such securities of the market or the market is subject to the requirements under the securities laws of 1940 (15 o.s., 80a, 78a-79a-81a-80a-78o(d)) for any period exceeding the period of time referenced under paragraph (i) (a), (a,1) of title (a and the commission) of paragraphthereunder to a covered investment fund research report, including section 17 of the securities act of 1933 (15 u.s.c. 77q), section 34 (b) of the investment company act of 1940 (15 l.s,c. 80a-33 (b)), and sections 9 and 10 of the stock exchange act of 1934, and sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 n.s.,c. 78i, 78j); or (2) the authority of any self-regulatory organization to examine or supervise a member's practices in connection with such member's publication or distribution of a covered or distribution report for compliance with applicable provisions of the federal securities laws or self-Regulatory organization rules related to research reports, including those contained in rules governing communications with the public. (d) interim effectiveness of safe harbor. -- (1) in general. --from and after the 180-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this act, if the commission has not adopted revisions to section 230.139 of title 17, code of federal regulations, as required by subsection (a), and until such time as the Commission has done so, a broker or dealer distributing or publishing a cover investment fund report after such date shall be able to rely on the provisions of section 230-139 of the code of Federal regulations, and finra has revised rule 2210, for purposes of the commission's rules and regulations under the securities laws and the rules of the SEC, as well as the requirements of the applicable securities laws. (e) the terms of the law. --for purposes of subsection (c)(7)(o) of this Act. (a)(1) of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations, and the commission is required by finra to comply with the requirements (without regard to form s-3 or form f-3) for the purposes of such law, as if revised and implemented in accordance with the rules, as provided by fina. (b). --after such period and until the commission adop revisions to paragraph (a) and the terms (c) and fina) of that section, finra may not be required to be filed with finra. (c), the terms "covered investment fund" means the covered investment funds that fall within the scope of such section. (2)(a) the securities law and the securities exchange act, as amended and implemented by the commission. (3) status of covered investment. --before such period, and(a)(3) of the securities act of 1933 (15 u.s.c. 77b (a)(33)), except that such term shall not include an oral communication. (5) the term "self-regulatory organization" has the meaning given to that term under section 3 (a),26) of section 3.a)(26) and section 4 (a) of Section 3.1 of the Securities Exchange act of 1934 (15 U.s.-c. 78c (a(26)). (a (26)).</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.621944785118103</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>5</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Prescription Drug Monitoring Act of 2016''. In this Act: Controlled substance.--The term ``controlled substance'' has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802). Covered state.--The term ``covered State'' means a State that receives funding under the Harold Rogers Prescription Drug Monitoring Program established under the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2002 (Public Law 107-77; 115 Stat. 748) or the controlled substance monitoring program under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g-3). Dispenser.--The term ``dispenser''-- means person licensed or otherwise authorized by a State to deliver a prescription drug product to a patient or an agent of the patient; and does not include a person involved in oversight or payment for prescription drugs. PDMP.--The term ``PDMP'' means a prescription drug monitoring program. Practitioner.--The term ``practitioner'' means a practitioner registered under section 303of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823) to prescribe, administer, or dispense controlled substances. State.--The term ``State'' means each of the several States and the District of Columbia. In General.--Beginning 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, each covered State shall require-- each prescribing practitioner within the covered State or their designee, who shall be licensed or registered healthcare professionals or other employees who report directly to the practitioner, to consult the PDMP of the covered State before initiating treatment with a prescription for a controlled substance listed in schedule II, III, or IV of section 202of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812), and every 3 months thereafter as long as the treatment continues; the PDMP of the covered State to provide proactive notification to a practitioner when patterns indicative of controlled substance misuse, including opioid misuse, are detected; each dispenser within the covered State to report each prescription for a controlled substance dispensed by the dispenser to the PDMP not later than 24 hours after the controlled substance is dispensed to the patient; and that the PDMP make available a quarterly de-identified data set and an annual report for public and private use, which shall, at a minimum, meet requirements established by the Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services. Noncompliance.--If a covered State fails to comply with subsection , the Attorney General or the Secretary of Health and Human Services, as appropriate, may withhold grant funds from being awarded to the covered State under the Harold Rogers Prescription Drug Monitoring Program established under the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2002 (Public Law 107-77; 115 Stat. 748) or the controlled substance monitoring program under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g-3). Requirement.--Beginning 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, each covered State shall make the data contained in the PDMP of the covered State available to other States through the data-sharing single technology solution established under subsection . Data-Sharing Single Technology Solution.-- In general.--The Attorney General, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall award, on a competitive basis, a grant to an eligible entity to establish and maintain an inter-State data-sharing single hub to facilitate the sharing of PDMP data among States and the accessing of such data by practitioners. Requirements.--The data-sharing single hub established under paragraph -- shall-- allow States to retain ownership of the data submitted by the States; provide a source of de-identified data that can be used for statistical, research, or educational purposes; allow State authorized users to access data from a PDMP of a covered State without requiring a user fee; and conform with the standards of the Prescription Monitoring Information Exchange; and may not-- distribute, in whole or in part, any PDMP data without the express written consent of the PDMP State authority; and limit, in whole or in part, distribution of PDMP data as approved by the PDMP State authority. Authorization of appropriations.--There are authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General $2,000,000 for fiscal years 2017 through 2020 to carry out this subsection."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "prescription drug monitoring act of 2016". sec. 2. definitions. in this act: (1) controlled substance. --the term "controlled substance" has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the controlled substances act (21 u.s.c. 802). (2) covered state. -- the term "covered state" means a state that receives funding under the harold rogers prescription drug monitoring program established under the departments of commerce, justice, and state, the judiciary, and related agencies appropriations act, 2002 (public law 107-77; 115 stat. 748) or the controlled substance monitoring program under section 399o of the public health service act (42 u.ss.c., 41 u.sh.c, 280g-3). (3) dispenser. --a term "dispenser"-- (a) means person licensed or otherwise authorized by a state to deliver a prescription drug product to a patient or an agent of the patient; and (b) does not include a person involved in oversight or payment for prescription drugs. (4) pdmp. --as the term is used in the context of the state's public health and human services act, 2001 (public health and health and justice act, 2000 (public laws 107-107; 107 stat. 823(f)) and the state of columbia) to prescribe, administer, or dispense controlled substances. (5) state. (a.a. the term was used for the term of the drug monitoring state. sec. 3. state. in the terms of the term. (1. pdmt. --each of the three states and the district of columia. sec, pd. --in the term as the term pdamp. (2 years after the date of enactment of this act, each covered state shall require-- (1)(a) each prescribing practitioner within the covered state or their designee, who shall be licensed or registered healthcare professionals or other employees who report directly to the pdma, to consult the pda-p dispenser when a patient needs a prescription for a controlled substance, including opioid misuse, and every 3 months thereafter as long as the treatment continues; (2-3) each dispenser within the dispenser is required to report each prescription for controlled substance dispensed by the pde-identified data set and an annual report for public and private use, which shall,(2) requirements. --the data-sharing single hub established under paragraph (1)-- (a) shall-- (i) allow states to retain ownership of the data submitted by the states; (ii) provide a source of de-identified data that can be used for statistical, research, or educational purposes; (iii) allow state authorized users to access data from a pdmp of a covered state without requiring a user fee; and (iv) conform with the standards of the prescription monitoring information exchange. (b) may not-- (I) distribute, in whole or in part, any pdmed data without the express written consent of the pdMP state authority; and— (ii)(i) limit, in part or in large, distribution of pdip data as approved by the ppmp state authority. (3) authorization of appropriations. --there are authorized to be appropriated to the attorney general $2,000,000 for fiscal years 2017 through 2020 to carry out this subsection. fiscal years 2016 through 2017 through 2017, and $1,500,000 to be authorized to the secretary of the interior for fiscal year 2017 through 2019 to carryout this subsection, and to the Secretary of the Interior $1 million,000 in fiscal years 2018 through 2019.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.46775102615356445</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>6</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Strategic Gasoline and Fuel Reserve Act of 2005''. In General.--Title I of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) is amended-- by redesignating part E (42 U.S.C. 6251 et seq.) as part F; by redesignating section 191 (42 U.S.C. 6251) as section 199; and by inserting after part D (42 U.S.C. 6250 et seq.) the following: ``PART E--STRATEGIC GASOLINE AND FUEL RESERVE `` ``In this part: ``Gasoline.--The term `gasoline' means regular unleaded gasoline. ``Reserve.--The term `Reserve' means the Strategic Gasoline and Fuel Reserve established under section 192. `` ``In General.--Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary shall establish, maintain, and operate a Strategic Gasoline and Fuel Reserve. ``Not Component of Strategic Petroleum Reserve.--The Reserve is not a component of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve established under part B. ``Capacity.--The Reserve shall contain not more than-- ``40,000,000 barrels of gasoline; and ``7,500,000 barrels of jet fuel. ``Reserve Sites.-- ``Siting.--Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall determine not less than 3 Reserve sites, and not more than 5 Reserve sites, throughout the United States that are regionally strategic. ``Operation.--The Reserve sites described in paragraph shall be operational not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. ``Security.--In establishing the Reserve under this section, the Secretary shall obtain the concurrence of the Secretary of Homeland Security with respect to physical design security and operational security. ``Authority.--In carrying out this part, the Secretary may-- ``purchase, contract for, lease, or otherwise acquire, in whole or in part, storage and related facilities and storage services; ``use, lease, maintain, sell, or otherwise dispose of storage and related facilities acquired under this part; ``acquire by purchase, exchange, lease, or other means gasoline and fuel for storage in the Reserve; ``store gasoline and fuel in facilities not owned by the United States; and ``sell, exchange, or otherwise dispose of gasoline and fuel from the Reserve, including to maintain-- ``the quality or quantity of the gasoline or fuel in the Reserve; or ``the operational capacity of the Reserve. ``Fill Date.-- ``In general.--Except as provided in paragraph , the Secretary shall complete the process of filling the Reserve under this section by March 1, 2008. ``Extensions.--The President may extend the deadline established under paragraph if-- ``the President determines that filling the Reserve within that deadline would cause an undue economic burden on the United States; and ``the President receives approval from Congress. `` ``In General.--The Secretary shall release gasoline or fuel from the Reserve only if-- ``the President finds that there is a severe fuel supply disruption by finding that-- ``a regional or national supply shortage of gasoline or fuel of significant scope and duration has occurred; ``a substantial increase in the price of gasoline or fuel has resulted from the shortage; ``the price increase is likely to cause a significant adverse impact on the national economy; and ``releasing gasoline or fuel from the Reserve would assist directly and significantly in reducing the adverse impact of the shortage; or ``the Governor of a State submits to the Secretary a written request for a release from the Reserve that contains a finding that-- ``a regional or statewide supply shortage of gasoline or fuel of significant scope and duration has occurred; ``a substantial increase in the price of gasoline or fuel has resulted from the shortage; and ``the price increase is likely to cause a significant adverse impact on the economy of the State; and ``the Secretary concurs with the findings of the Governor under subparagraph and determines that-- ``a release from the Reserve would mitigate gasoline or fuel price volatility in the State; ``a release from the Reserve would not have an adverse effect on the long-term economic viability of retail gasoline or fuel markets in the State and adjacent States; and ``a release from the Reserve would not suppress prices below long-term market trend levels. ``Procedure.-- ``Response of secretary.--The Secretary shall respond to a request submitted under subsection not later than 5 days after receipt of the request by-- ``approving the request; ``denying the request; or ``requesting additional supporting information. ``Release.--The Secretary shall establish procedures governing the release of gasoline or fuel from the Reserve in accordance with this subsection. ``Requirements.-- ``Eligible entity.--In this paragraph, the term `eligible entity' means an entity that is customarily engaged in the sale or distribution of gasoline or fuel. ``Sale or disposal from reserve.--The procedures established under this subsection shall provide that the Secretary may-- ``sell gasoline or fuel from the Reserve to an eligible entity through a competitive process; or ``enter into an exchange agreement with an eligible entity under which the Secretary receives a greater volume of gasoline or fuel as repayment from the eligible entity than the volume provided to the eligible entity. ``Continuing Evaluation.--The Secretary shall conduct a continuing evaluation of the drawdown and sales procedures established under this section. `` ``Gasoline and Fuel.--Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and the President a plan describing-- ``the acquisition of storage and related facilities or storage services for the Reserve, including the use of storage facilities not currently in use or not currently used to capacity; ``the acquisition of gasoline and fuel for storage in the Reserve; ``the anticipated methods of disposition of gasoline and fuel from the Reserve; ``the estimated costs of establishment, maintenance, and operation of the Reserve; ``efforts that the Department will take to minimize any potential need for future drawdowns from the Reserve; and ``actions to ensure the quality of the gasoline and fuel in the Reserve are maintained. ``Natural Gas and Diesel.--Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the feasibility of creating a natural gas and diesel reserve similar to the Reserve under this part. `` ``Establishment.--There is established in the Treasury of the United States a revolving fund, to be known as the `Strategic Gasoline and Fuel Reserve Fund' (referred to in this section as the `Fund'), consisting of-- ``such amounts as are appropriated to the Fund under subsection ; ``such amounts as are appropriated to the Fund under section 196; and ``any interest earned on investment of amounts in the Fund under subsection . ``Transfers to Fund.--There are appropriated to the Fund amounts equivalent to amounts collected as receipts and received in the Treasury from the sale, exchange, or other disposition of gasoline or fuel from the Reserve. ``Expenditures From Fund.--On request by the Secretary and without the need for further appropriation, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer from the Fund to the Secretary such amounts as the Secretary determines are necessary to carry out activities under this part, to remain available until expended. ``Investment of Amounts.-- ``In general.--The Secretary of the Treasury shall invest such portion of the Fund as is not, in the judgment of the Secretary of the Treasury, required to meet current withdrawals. ``Interest-bearing obligations.--Investments may be made only in interest-bearing obligations of the United States. ``Acquisition of obligations.--For the purpose of investments under paragraph , obligations may be acquired-- ``on original issue at the issue price; or ``by purchase of outstanding obligations at the market price. ``Sale of obligations.--Any obligation acquired by the Fund may be sold by the Secretary of the Treasury at the market price. ``Credits to fund.--The interest on, and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in the Fund shall be credited to and form a part of the Fund. ``Transfers of Amounts.-- ``In general.--The amounts required to be transferred to the Fund under this section shall be transferred at least monthly from the general fund of the Treasury to the Fund on the basis of estimates made by the Secretary of the Treasury. ``Adjustments.--Proper adjustment shall be made in amounts subsequently transferred to the extent prior estimates were in excess of or less than the amounts required to be transferred. `` ``There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this part, to remain available until expended.''. The table of contents for title I of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 note) is amended by striking the matter relating to part D and inserting the following: ``Part D--Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve ``Sec. 181. Establishment. ``Sec. 182. Authority. ``Sec. 183. Conditions for release; plan. ``Sec. 184. Northeast home heating oil reserve account. ``Sec. 185. Exemptions. ``Sec. 186. Authorization of appropriations. ``Part E--Strategic Gasoline and Fuel Reserve ``Sec. 191. Definitions. ``Sec. 192. Establishment. ``Sec. 193. Release of gasoline and fuel. ``Sec. 194. Reports. ``Sec. 195. Strategic Gasoline and Fuel Reserve Fund. ``Sec. 196. Authorization of appropriations. ``Part F--Expiration ``Sec. 199. Expiration.''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "strategic gasoline and fuel reserve act of 2005". sec. 2. strategic gasoline and Fuel reserve. (a) in general. --title i of the energy policy and conservation act (42 u.s.c. 6201 et seq.) is amended-- (1) by redesignating part e (42 U.s.,c. 5251 et seq) as part f; (2) by designating section 191 (42 ls.d. 6251) as section 199; and (3) by inserting after part d (42 gr.c., 6250 et seq. the following: "part e--strategic petroleum and fuel reserves "sec. 191. definitions. "in this part: "(1) gasoline. --the term 'gasoline' means regular unleaded gasoline. "(2) reserve. -- the term 'reserve' means the strategic gasoline or fuel reserve established under section 192 (a). "sec." 192. establishment. " (a. in general." --notwithstanding any other provision of this act, the secretary shall establish, maintain, and operate a strategic gasoline & fuel reserve. "sec., 192. definitions." (b) gasoline and gasoline. " in this part. "(c) gasoline, --the use of gasoline and --the terms 'gasoil' means normal unleaded, and "(2- reserve. -the term' means "reserve.' " (d) strategic gasoline. sec. 192. rest. --sec. rest of the rest. " sec. rest, rest. (c) strategic petroleum and --noting. --not less than 1 year after the date of enactment of this acts, the Secretary shall establish. maintain, operate a Strategic gasoline andFuel reserve. "(b) not component of strategic petroleum reserve. —the reserve is not a component of the strategic petroleum reserves established under part b. " " (c" capacity. --in the reserve shall contain not more than-- "(1" 40,000,000 barrels of gasoline; and "( 2) 7,500,000 cubic feet of jet fuel. " -d) reserve sites. --"(1) reserve site. --(d) use, lease, and/or storage sites. (e) siting. "not later than 2 year after enactment of the act. --when the secretary may determine not less than 3 reserve sites, and not more then 5 reserve sites in the united states that aresignificant adverse impact on the national economy; and " (d) releasing gasoline or fuel from the reserve would assist directly and significantly in reducing the adverse impact of the shortage; or "(2) (a) the governor of a state submits to the secretary a written request for a release from the reserves that contains a finding that-- " (i) a regional or statewide supply shortage of gasoline or Fuel of significant scope and duration has occurred; " (ii) a substantial increase in the price of gasoline and fuel has resulted from the shortage, and " " (iii) the price increase is likely to cause a significant adverse impacton the economy of the state; and "(2). " (b) the secretary concurs with the findings of the governor under subparagraph (a). --the secretary concur with the governor's findings of-- " "i) the state would not have an adverse effect on the long-term economic viability of retail gasoline or fuels markets in the state and adjacent states; and (iii). --there is a significant increase in gasoline or gasoline prices in the states; " a release would not suppress prices below long-time market trend levels. " (a)(b) procedure. -- "(1) response of secretary. --the Secretary shall respond to a request submitted under subsection (a), not later than 5 days after receipt of the request by-- (ii" a release of the reservewould not have a adverse effecton the long theterm economic vitality of retail retail gasoline and Fuel markets inthe state and other states;and " (III) a release in the store would not affect prices below short-term market trend level. "c) procedures. -- " (1) procedure, " (2) procedure." -- "(3) response to secretary. —the secretary shall respond a request for secretary. -the secretary may respond to the request submitted by subsection (b)(2) not later less than 5 minutes after receiptof the request; " "b) approving the request. " " "or" denying the request, or " (c) requesting additional supporting information. "(2 (c). release. -- the secretary shall establish procedures governing the release of gasoline/ fuel from a reserve in accordance with this subsection. "(3 (a, requirements. --in this paragraph, the term 'eligible entity. -- in this paragraph,. the term�eligible entity' means an entity that is customarily engaged in the sale or distribution of gasoline. “ (b- sale or disposal from reserve. --theresection 196; and "(3) any interest earned on investment of amounts in the fund under subsection (d). " (b) transfers to fund. --there are appropriated to the fund amounts equivalent to amounts collected as receipts and received in the treasury from the sale, exchange, or other disposition of gasoline or fuel from the reserve. " (c) expenditures from fund. - --on request by the secretary and without the need for further appropriation, the secretary of the treasury shall transfer from the fund to the secretary such amounts as the secretary determines are necessary to carry out activities under this part, to remain available until expended. " " (d) investment of sums. -- "(1) in general. --the secretary of a treasury shall invest such portion of the fund as is not, in the judgment of the secretary, required to meet current withdrawals. "(2) interest-bearing obligations. --investments may be made only in interest- bearing obligations of the united states. "3) acquisition of obligations. —for the purpose of investments under paragraph (1), obligations may be acquired-- " (a) on original issue at the issue price; or " (2) by purchase of outstanding obligations at the market price. "(4) sale of obligations, --any portion of a fund may be sold by the general fund of the United states. "(5) credits to fund and --investment may be make only in Interest-bearing obligation of the divided states. "[3) collection of obligations and --for the purposes of investments in paragraph (2), obligations shall be acquired. -- for the purpose, investments under section (1, obligations may by purchase-- " " on original Issue at the Issue price; " (B) on initial issue at a issue price, or " " "(b) by order of the Secretary of the Treasury at the sale or redemption of obligations at a market price; "(3, " (e) sales of amounts. --"(1) and "(2, "the amounts of amounts required to be transferred to the funds under this section shall be transferred at least monthly from the general Fund of the stock to the reserve on the basis of estimates made by the treasurer of the treasurer. "(1, adjustments. --proper adjustment shall be made in amounts subsequently transferred to be sold to the extent prior estimates were in excess of or less than the amounts required. "sec. 196. authorization of appropriations. "there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary for carry out this part; to remain unavailable</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6236141920089722</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>7</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Special Agent Scott K. Carey Public Safety Officer Benefits Enhancement Act''. TITLE I--EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE TO OFFICERS DISABLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY Section 1212of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796d-1) is amended-- by striking ``a dependent'' and inserting ``an eligible dependent''; and by striking ``education'' and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ``education.''. Section 1213 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796d-2) is amended-- in subsection -- by striking ``the dependent'' each place it appears and inserting ``the applicant''; and by striking ``the dependent's'' each place it appears and inserting ``the applicant's''; and in subsection , by striking ``a dependent'' and inserting ``an applicant''. Section 1216of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796d-5) is amended to read as follows: ``Retroactive Eligibility.--Notwithstanding any other provision of law, but subject to the limitations of this subpart, an eligible dependent of a public safety officer shall be eligible for assistance under this subpart if such an officer-- ``dies in the line of duty on or after January 1, 1978; or ``becomes permanently and totally disabled as the direct result of a catastrophic injury sustained in the line of duty on or after January 1, 1978.''. Section 1217 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796d-6) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ``The term `eligible dependent' means-- ``any public safety officer who is eligible to receive benefits under section 1201; ``the child of any public safety officer who is described in section 1201, or who is eligible to receive benefits under section 1201; and ``the spouse of any public safety officer described in subparagraph at the time of such officer's death or on the date of such officer's totally and permanently disabling injury. ``The term `public safety officer' includes-- ``any public safety officer described in paragraph of section 1204; and ``any other individual who is employed by any Federal, State, county, or local agency and, as a result of such employment, is-- ``empowered by law to conduct an investigation of or to make an arrest for a felony offense; or ``authorized by law to prosecute or participate in the prosecution of a felony offense.''. TITLE II--SURVIVOR PENSIONS Part L of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 is further amended by adding after section 1218 (42 U.S.C. 3796d-7) the following new subpart: ``Subpart 3--Survivor Pensions `` ``In any case in which the Bureau is required to pay a benefit under section 1201, the Bureau shall also pay an annual pension to one or more survivors of the deceased public safety officer in accordance with this subpart. `` ``Beneficiaries Determined.--An annual pension under this subpart shall be paid to one or more survivors of the deceased public safety officer as follows: ``If there is a surviving spouse of such officer, a pension equal to 80 percent of the applicable amount under section 1223, paid to the surviving spouse. ``If there is no surviving spouse, but-- ``there is one surviving child of such officer, a pension equal to 20 percent of the applicable amount under section 1223, paid to that surviving child; ``there are two surviving children of such officer, a pension equal to 35 percent of the applicable amount under section 1223, paid to the children in equal shares; ``there are three surviving children of such officer, a pension equal to 50 percent of the applicable amount under section 1223, paid to the children in equal shares; or ``there are four or more surviving children of such officer, a pension equal to 60 percent of the applicable amount under section 1223, paid to the children in equal shares. ``If there is no surviving spouse or surviving child, but-- ``there is one surviving parent of such officer, a pension equal to 20 percent of the applicable amount under section 1223, paid to that parent; or ``there are two surviving parents of such officer, a pension equal to 40 percent of the applicable amount under section 1223, paid to the parents in equal shares. ``If none of the above, a pension equal to 20 percent of the applicable amount under section 1223, paid-- ``in the case of a claim made on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this subparagraph, to the individual designated by such officer as beneficiary under this subpart in the officer's most recently executed designation of beneficiary on file at the time of death with such officer's public safety agency, organization, or unit, provided that such individual survived such officer; or ``if there is no individual qualifying under subparagraph , to the individual designated by such officer as beneficiary under such officer's most recently executed life insurance policy on file at the time of death with such officer's public safety agency, organization, or unit, provided that such individual survived such officer. ``Payable for Lifetime.--An annual pension or share of a pension under this section shall be paid for the lifetime of the beneficiary, without regard to the marital status or any other status of the beneficiary. `` ``Amount Used to Determine Annual Pension.--The amount used to determine the amount of an annual pension under this subpart shall be the greater of the following: ``The annual base salary of the officer at the time of the officer's death, adjusted in accordance with subsection . ``$60,000, adjusted in accordance with subsection . ``Cost of Living Adjustments.--On October 1 of each fiscal year beginning after the effective date of this subpart, the Bureau shall adjust the amounts used to determine the amount of an annual pension under this subpart immediately before such October 1 under subsection , to reflect the annual percentage change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers, published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, occurring in the 1-year period ending on June 1 immediately preceding such October 1. `` ``Notwithstanding paragraph of section 1204, for the purposes of this subpart the term `child' means any natural, illegitimate, adopted, or posthumous child or stepchild of a deceased public safety officer.''. TITLE III--PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICER SCHOLARSHIPS In General.-- Scholarship awards.--The Secretary of Education is authorized to award a Public Safety Officer scholarship, in accordance with this title, to-- any eligible applicant who is attending, or who has been accepted for attendance at, any eligible institution providing instruction for one or more grades of kindergarten, elementary school, or secondary school; and any eligible applicant who is enrolled, or has been accepted for enrollment, as a full-time or part- time postsecondary student in any eligible institution providing a degree-granting program for one or more postsecondary degrees. Application.--To receive a scholarship award under this title, an eligible applicant shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. Such an application shall be accompanied by a certification from the head of the public safety agency, organization, or unit that employed the public safety officer by reason of whom the applicant is claiming eligibility, certifying that such officer is a deceased or disabled officer, as defined in paragraph of section 305. Maximum Award.-- Elementary and secondary awards.--For any academic year, the maximum amount of a scholarship award under this section for a kindergarten, elementary school, or secondary school student shall not exceed the lesser of the following: The average per pupil expenditure for elementary and secondary education of the local educational agency for the geographic area in which the eligible applicant resides. The actual cost to the student for attendance at the school, including expenses such as tuition, fees, books, transportation costs, and other related expenses, as determined by the Secretary. Postsecondary awards.--For any academic year, the maximum amount of a scholarship award under this section for a postsecondary student shall not exceed the lesser of the following: The average cost of attendance (as defined in section 472 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087kk)), at a State university in the State in which the student resides, for a State resident carrying the same academic workload as the student, with the same number of dependents as the student, and residing in the same type of housing as the student. The actual cost of attendance (as defined in section 472 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087kk)) of such student. Award Period.--The maximum duration of each scholarship award under this title-- for a kindergarten, elementary school, or secondary school student, shall be the period of time normally required for the completion of a high school diploma by a student in the grade that the recipient is in at the time the award commences, as determined by the Secretary; and for a postsecondary student, shall be the lesser of-- the time actually required by the student to complete the course of study for which the student is receiving the scholarship award under this title; 6 years, in the case of a student enrolled in undergraduate studies; or 3 years, in the case of a student enrolled in postgraduate studies. Notification.--The Secretary shall notify the applicant and the eligible institution of the applicant's selection for receipt of a scholarship award under this title, and the conditions pertaining to scholarship award eligibility and continuance. Fiscal Agent.--The Secretary shall, if practicable, use eligible institutions as fiscal agents for the payment of scholarship awards. A student awarded a scholarship under this title shall demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Secretary, as a condition for initial receipt of such award and periodically thereafter as a condition for its continuation, that the student is-- maintaining satisfactory progress in the course of study the student is pursuing-- in the case of a kindergarten, elementary school, or secondary school student, as such satisfactory progress is determined by the Secretary; and in the case of a postsecondary student, consistent with section 484of the Higher Education Act of 1965; committed to remaining drug-free; and attending classes on a regular basis so as not to interfere with the normal course of studies, except for excused absence for vacation, illness, military service, or such other reason deemed good cause by the eligible institution or the Secretary. For the purposes of this title, the Secretary is authorized to enter into agreements with eligible institutions in which any student receiving a scholarship award under this title has enrolled or has been accepted for enrollment. Each such agreement shall provide-- that the institution shall cooperate with the Secretary in carrying out this title, including the provision of information necessary for a student to satisfy the requirements in section 302; that the institution shall conduct a periodic review to determine whether students enrolled at the institution and receiving a scholarship award under this title continue to be eligible to receive such scholarship award, and shall notify the Secretary of the results of such reviews; and for control and accounting procedures as may be necessary to assure proper disbursement and accounting of funds paid to the institution under section 301. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a scholarship award received under this title shall not be taken into account in determining the need or eligibility of a person for student financial assistance, or the amount of such assistance, under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). In this title: Deceased or disabled officer.--The term ``deceased or disabled officer'' means a public safety officer with respect to whom the Bureau of Justice Assistance has determined, in accordance with section 1201 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796) and under regulations issued pursuant to part L of such Act, that such public safety officer-- has died as the direct and proximate result of a personal injury sustained in the line of duty; or has become permanently and totally disabled as the direct result of a catastrophic injury sustained in the line of duty. Dependent child.--The term ``dependent child'' means a child of a deceased or disabled officer, including a stepchild or an adopted child, who-- is living with or receiving regular support contributions from such deceased or disabled officer-- at the time of the officer's death; or at the time of the officer's totally and permanently disabling injury; and at the start of the academic year for which a scholarship award is received, is 25 years of age or under. Eligible applicant.--The term ``eligible applicant'' means a person residing in a State who is any of the following: A public safety officer described in paragraph . An eligible spouse of a deceased or disabled officer. A dependent child of a deceased or disabled officer. Eligible institution.--The term ``eligible institution'' means any public or private kindergarten, elementary school, or secondary school as defined in section 7801 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, or any institution of higher education, as defined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965, that-- is located in a State; and complies with the antidiscrimination provisions of section 601 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and does not discriminate on the basis of race. Eligible spouse.--The term ``eligible spouse'' means an individual who is the legally married husband or wife of a deceased or disabled officer-- in the case of a deceased officer, at the time of the officer's death; or in the case of a disabled officer, at the time of the officer's totally and permanently disabling injury, and at the time of the determination of eligibility for a scholarship award under this title. Public safety officer.--The term ``public safety officer'' has the meaning given such term in section 1217 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796d-6), as added by section 104 of this Act. Secretary.--The term ``Secretary'' means the Secretary of Education. State.--The term ``State'' means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States. TITLE IV--MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Section 8133of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ``or remarries before reaching age 55''. Section 1204 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796b) is amended by striking ``As used in this part-- '' and inserting ``Except as otherwise expressly provided, as used in this part--''"</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "special agent scott k. carey public safety officer benefits enhancement act". title i--educational assistance to officers disabled in the line of duty sec. 101. basic eligibility. section 1212 (a)(1) of the omnibus crime control and safe streets act of 1968 (42 u.s.c. 3796d-1) is amended-- (1) by striking "a dependent" each place it appears and inserting "an eligible dependent"; and (2) by inserting "education" and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting a "education.". sec. 102. applications; approval. section 1112 (b)(1)(1), of the Omnibus crime Control and safe Streets act of 1969 (42 U.s.,s.d-2 (a), is amended to read as follows: "subpart 1--education, each place you appear and inserting an eligible dependent; and (b) by strike "education, all that follow through the periods at the beginning and inserting the applicant's"; and all the period after the end of the period and inserting (a) by "education"; and the period before the end at the period of inserting "a" and inserting "(a) "an applicant"; and, (b), by striking the dependent's each place they appear and insertion "an application"; and "c), by inserting the application; and, in subsection (d), by passing "a", by striking a "a-b", by passing a "c", and inserting"an applicant". sec. 103. retroactive benefits. sections 1216 (a, of the multibus crimecontrol and safe highways act of 1967 (42 l.s.-c. 2796d (a)) is amended by adding at the start the following new paragraphs: " " (a- retroactive eligibility. --notwithstanding any other provision of law, but subject to the limitations of this subpart, an eligible depend of a public safety officers shall be eligible for assistance under this subPart if such an officer-- "(1) dies in the lines of duty on or after january 1, 1978; or "(2) becomes permanently and totally disabled as the direct result of a catastrophic injury sustained in the direct end of a serious injury sustained by the lineof duty on/ after January 1. 1978.". Sec. 104. definitions. section 1017 of the " omnibus Crime control and Safe streets actpension equal to 80 percent of the applicable amount under section 1223 (a), paid to the surviving spouse. "(2) if there is no surviving spouse, but-- " (a) there is one surviving child of such officer, a pension equal to 20 percent of a applicable amount over section 1224 (a, paid to that surviving child; " (b) there are two surviving children of such officers, a pensions equal to 30 percent of an applicable amount in section 1222 (a- paid to those children in equal shares; or " (c) there were four or more surviving children in such officer (as a pension equivalent to 60 percent of that applicable amount for the children in school, or otherwise) paid to all children in same shares. "(3) if the children are three surviving spouse or surviving child, but- " (d) there's three surviving children and surviving child. " (e)there are three or more living children of so officer (a pension equalto 50 percent of 10 percent of what applicable money under section1223 (b), paid in equal parts. "(4) if any surviving spouse and surviving spouse are not present. "(5) if all surviving children are present. --a pension equities equal to 40 percent of applicable amount, paid in the parents in equal share. "(6) if none of the above, "(a) if each surviving spouse is present. "(b)there is one living spouse or other child, " (i) thereis one surviving parent of such Officer, a Pension equal to 10 percentof the relevant amount under the applicable child, paid by that parent; or (b- there are one surviving parents of such parent, a retirement equal to 50 percentof what applicable child under the parents; or "(b)There are two or more parents of any officer who are present in such parent; " " (3) the pension equates to 40% of the relevant money under the section 1225 (a). "(4), the pension is payable for lifetime. --an annual pension or share of a pension under this section shall be paid for the lifetime of the beneficiary, without regard to the marital status or any other status of the beneficiaries. "sec. 1223. pension amount. --the individual designated by such officer as beneficiary under this subpart shall be the greater of the following: "(1) the individual qualifying under subparagraph (a)) to the officer's most recently executed designation of beneficiary on file at the time of death with suchschool; and (b) any eligible applicant who is enrolled, or has been accepted for enrollment, as a full-time or part- time postsecondary student in any eligible institution providing a degree-granting program for one or more postsecondary degrees. (2) application. --to receive a scholarship award under this title, an eligible applicant shall submit an application to the secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the secretary may require. such an application shall be accompanied by a certification from the head of the public safety agency, organization, or unit that employed the public Safety officer by reason of whom the applicant is claiming eligibility, certifying that such officer is a deceased or disabled officer, as defined in paragraph (1) of section 305. (a) award. --for any academic year, the maximum amount of a scholarship awarded under this section for a kindergarten, elementary school, or secondary school student shall not exceed the lesser of the following: (a.a) the average per pupil expenditure for elementary and secondary education of the local educational agency for the geographic area in which the eligible applicant resides. (b. the actual cost to the student for attendance at the school, including expenses such as tuition, fees, books, transportation costs, and other related expenses, as determined by the secretary. (c) postsecondary awards. -- for any academic school, the minimum amount of an scholarship award over this section (as defined in section 472 of the higher education act of 1965 (20 u.s.c. 1087kk)) of such student shall be the equivalent of the actual amount of the scholarship award for the student, including the principal of the school and the principal's office for the geographical area in the eligible student. (d) expenses. --the actual cost of attendance. --a) for a student to attend the school for which the student is receiving the award under the title. (e) the actual costs of attendance for the school. (f) the principal cost of the student to complete the course of study for the year, including all expenses associated with the student's attendance, including tuition, fee, transportation, and related expenses. (g) the equivalent cost of attending the school as the student. --f(a) an average cost of enrollment. --if the student receives the award, the average cost for the college, or the student in the state in which he resides, for a state resident carrying the same academic workload as the Student, with the same number of dependsecretary. sec. 303. agreements with eligible institutions. for the purposes of this title, the secretary is authorized to enter into agreements with any eligible institutions in which any student receiving a scholarship award under this title has enrolled or has been accepted for enrollment. each such agreement shall provide-- (1) that the institution shall cooperate with the secretary in carrying out this title; (2) for the provision of information necessary for a student to satisfy the requirements in section 302; (3) that a student shall conduct a periodic review to determine whether students enrolled at the institution and receiving a Scholarship award under the title continue to be eligible to receive such scholarship award, and shall notify the secretary of the results of such reviews; and (4) for control and accounting procedures as may be necessary to assure proper disbursement and accounting of funds paid to the institution under section 301 (e). sec. 304. treatment of scholarships for purposes of financial aid. notwithstanding any other provision of law, a scholarship awarded received under this Title shall not be taken into account in determining the need or eligibility of a person for student financial assistance, or the amount of such assistance, under title iv of the higher education act of 1965 (20 u.s.c. 1001 et seq.). sec. 305. definitions. in this title. --the term "deceased or disabled officer" means a public safety officer with respect to whom the bureau of justice assistance has determined, in accordance with section 1201 of the omnibus crime control and safe streets act of 1968 (42 u.S.C. 3796) and under regulations issued pursuant to part l of such act, that such public Safety officer-- (a) has died as the direct and proximate result of a personal injury sustained in the line of duty; or (b) has become permanently and totally disabled as the indirect result of the catastrophic injury sustained by the direct result of such injury sustained. (1. -- the term "dceased and disabled officer." --the terms "deceded or disabled officers" means an officer who-- (i) is living with or receiving regular support contributions from such deceased or disabled; or, at the time of the officer's death; or the time when the officer is totally and permanently disabling injury; or a dependent child of a deceased or Disabled officer. (2. "dependent child. (3. "dependent child" means any child of the deceased or dependent child. --a child of an deceased or disability officer, including a stepchildunited states, the district of columbia, the commonwealth of puerto rico, and any territory or possession of the united states. title iv--miscellaneous provisions sec. 401. compensation in case of death. section 8133 (b)(1) of title 5, united states code, is amended by striking "or remarries before reaching age 55". sec. 402. benefits definition conforming amendment. section 1204 of the omnibus crime control and safe streets act of 1968 (42 u.s.c. 3796b) and inserting "except as otherwise expressly provided, as used in this part--" " " and "exceptas otherwise expressly " and inserting as otherwise " "and inserting "and as otherwise" "</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6079034209251404</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>8</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Promoting Financial Literacy and Economic Opportunity Act of 2015''. ECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL LITERACY. In General.--Subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to business-related credits) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: `` ``General Rule.--In the case of an eligible for profit organization, for purposes of section 38, the excellence in economic education credit determined under this section for a taxable year is 50 percent of the amount paid or incurred during the taxable year to carry out the purposes specified in section 5533of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7267b) pursuant to a qualified program. ``Limitation on Number of Credit Recipients.-- ``In general.--The excellence in economic education credit determined under this section for a taxable year may be allowed to not more than 20 for profit organizations in accordance with paragraph . ``Credit award by secretary.-- ``In general.--The Secretary (in consultation with the Secretary of Education) shall determine which for profit organizations are allowed the credit under this section for a taxable year in such manner as the Secretary determines appropriate. ``Majority of recipients must be mwosbs, owned by veterans, or meet asset test.--In carrying out subparagraph , the majority of the taxpayers allowed a credit under paragraph for a taxable year shall be entities that are-- ``either-- ``a socially and economically disadvantaged small business concern (as defined in section 8of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637)), ``a small business concern owned and controlled by women (as defined under section 3of such Act (15 U.S.C. 632)), or ``a small business concern (as so defined) that is at least 51 percent owned by veterans (as defined in section 101, United States Code), or ``on the first day of the taxable year do not have more than $60,000,000,000 in assets. ``Priority.--In making determinations under this paragraph, the Secretary shall give priority to taxpayers that have qualified programs which serve either urban or rural underserved areas (determined on the basis of the most recent United States census data available). ``Limitations Relating to Expenditures.-- ``Direct activity.--25 percent of the amount allowed as a credit under subsection shall be for amounts paid or incurred for direct activities (as defined in section 5533of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7267b)). ``Subgrants.--75 percent of the amount allowed as a credit under subsection shall be for amounts paid or incurred for subgrants (as defined in section 5533of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7267b)), determined by treating amounts so paid or incurred as funds made available through a grant. ``Definitions and Special Rules.--For purposes of this section-- ``Qualified program.--The term `qualified program' means a program in writing under which an eligible for profit organization awards one or more grants for the purpose of carrying out the objectives of promoting economic and financial literacy, as specified in section 5532 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7267a), that meet the requirements of section 5533b of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7267b). ``Eligible for profit organization.--The term `eligible for profit organization' means with respect to a taxable year, an organization that-- ``has a qualified program in effect for the taxable year, and ``has been determined by the Secretary under subsection to be an organization to whom the credit is allowed for the taxable year. ``Determination of assets.--For purposes of paragraph , in determining assets, the Secretary shall use the same method used by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to determine a bank holding company's consolidated assets under section 165 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5365). ``Election not to claim credit.--This section shall not apply to a taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer elects to have this section not apply for such taxable year. ``Coordination with other deductions or credits.--The amount of any deduction or credit otherwise allowable under this chapter for any amount taken into account for purposes of subsection shall be reduced by the credit allowed by this section. ``Regulations.--The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out this section.''. Credit Made Part of General Business Credit.--Subsection of section 38 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ``plus'' at the end of paragraph , by striking the period at the end of paragraph and inserting ``, plus'', and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ``the excellence in economic education credit determined under section 45S.''. Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections for subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ``Sec. 45S. Excellence in economic education.''. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "promoting financial literacy and economic opportunity act of 2015". sec. 2. tax credit for providing programs for students that promote economic and financial literacy. (a) in general. --subpart d of part iv of subchapter a of chapter 1 of the internal revenue code of 1986 (relating to business-related credits) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: "sec. 45s. excellence in economic education. " (a. general rule. --in the case of an eligible for profit organization, for purposes of section 38, the excellence in income education credit determined under this section for a taxable year is 50 percent of the amount paid or incurred during the taxable year to carry out the purposes specified in section 5533 (b) of the elementary and secondary education act of 1965 (20 u.s.c. 7267b (b)) pursuant to a qualified program. " " (c) limitation on number of credit recipients. -- "(1) ingeneral. --the excellence in educational credit determined by this section will be allowed to not more than 20 for profit organizations in accordance with paragraph (2). " (1) credit award by secretary. -- " (b). --the secretary (in consultation with the secretary of education) shall determine which for profit applications are allowed the credit under this chapter for a tax year in such manner as the secretary determines appropriate. "" (b- limitation on total of credit recipient. --"(1) and general. —the excellenceIn economic education credit determination under this sections for a taxation year may be allowed only to not less than 20. -- the excellenceInEconomic education credit awarded to not fewer than 20,000 for profit Organizations in accordancewith paragraph (1). "(2) credit awards by secretary, secretary. - " ( a) in the general. -the secretary will determine which of profit organizations are allowed to determine which the for profit individuals are permitted the credit. --(b) for profit groups are allowed ( credit underthis section for the taxable years in such as the Secretary determines appropriate." " ( b) majority of recipients must be mwosbs, owned by veterans, or meet asset test. -- in carrying out subparagraph (a), the majority of the taxpayers allowed a credit under paragraph ( 1) for a taxed year shall be entities that are-- " (i) either-- " " "i) a socially and economically disadvantaged small business concern (as defined in section 8secondary education act of 1965 (20 u.s.c. 7267a), that meet the requirements of section 5533b of the elementary and secondary education act. --the secretary shall issue the following regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out this section. "(1) eligible for profit organization. -- the term 'eligible for profit organisation' means with respect to a taxable year, an organization that-- " (a) has a qualified program in effect for the taxable year; " (b) has been determined by the secretary under subsection (b)(2) to be an organization to whom the credit is allowed for the tax year. "(3) determination of assets. --for purposes of paragraph (2) (b), in determining assets, the secretary shall use the same method used by the board of governors of the federal reserve system to determine a bank holding company's consolidated assets under section 165 of the financial stability act of 2010 (12 u.ss.c.) "(4) election not to claim credit. --this section shall not apply to a taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer elects to have this section not apply for such taxable year. "5) coordination with other deductions or credits. --there is no requirement for the secretary to determine assets, but the secretary may use the similar method used to determine the bank holding companies' consolidated assets to determine whether a bank holds company's financial stability acts of 2010 or 2011 (12 o.s.,c. 5365). "(6) coordination of other deductions and credits. "the amount of any deduction or credit otherwise allowable under this chapter for any amount taken into account for purposes of subsection (a)(a) shall be reduced by the credit allowed by this section." "(e) regulations.--the secretary may issue such regulations or any guidance as to may be required or appropriate for carry outthis section.". (a), credit made part of general business credit. -subsection (a of section 38 of the internal revenue code of 1986 is amended by striking "plus" at the end of paragraph 1 (35), by striking the period at the beginning of paragraph 2 (36) and inserting ", plus", and by adding at the stop the following new paragraph: "(37) the excellence in economic education credit determined under section 45s (a). ". (c) clerical amendment. -the table of sections for subpart d of part iv of subchapter a of chapter 1 of the Internal revenue codeof 1986. --subsection d of section</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.716780424118042</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>9</ROW><BILL>"Definitions.--Section 801 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1681) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Delivery sale.--The term `delivery sale' means any sale of cigarettes or a smokeless tobacco product to a consumer if-- ``the consumer submits the order for such sale by means of a telephone or other method of voice transmission, the mail, or the Internet or other online service, or the seller is otherwise not in the physical presence of the buyer when the request for purchase or order is made; or ``the cigarettes or smokeless tobacco product is delivered by use of a common carrier, private delivery service, or the mail, or the seller is not in the physical presence of the buyer when the buyer obtains personal possession of the delivered cigarettes or smokeless tobacco product. ``Indian tribe.--The terms `Indian tribe' and `tribal' refer to an Indian tribe as defined in the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b) or as listed pursuant to section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 479a-1).''. Inapplicability of Exemptions From Requirements for Entry of Certain Cigarettes and Smokeless Tobacco Products.--Section 802of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1681a) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ``The preceding sentence shall not apply to any cigarettes or smokeless tobacco products sold in connection with a delivery sale.''. State Access to Customs Certifications.--Section 802 of that Act is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``State Access to Customs Certifications.--A State, through its Attorney General, shall be entitled to obtain copies of any certification required under subsection directly-- ``upon request to the agency of the United States responsible for collecting such certification; or ``upon request to the importer, manufacturer, or authorized official of such importer or manufacturer.''. Enforcement Provisions.--Section 803 of that Act (19 U.S.C. 1681b) is amended-- in subsection -- in the first sentence, by inserting before the period the following: ``, or to any State in which such tobacco product, cigarette papers, or tube is found''; and in the second sentence, by inserting ``, or to any State,'' after ``the United States''; and by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Actions by States and Others.-- ``In general.--Any person who holds a permit under chapter 52 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may bring an action in the United States district courts against any person, other than a State, local, or tribal government, to prevent and restrain violations of this title-- ``by that person; or ``by another person controlled by that person. ``Relief for state and local governments.--A State, acting through its attorney general, or a local government, acting through its chief law enforcement officer (or a designee thereof), may bring a civil action under this title against any person-- ``to prevent and restrain violations of this title-- ``by that person; or ``by another person controlled by that person; or ``to obtain any other appropriate relief for violations of this title-- ``by that person, or ``by another person controlled by that person, including civil penalties, money damages, and injunctive or other equitable relief. ``Construction generally.-- ``In general.--Nothing in this subsection shall be deemed to abrogate or constitute a waiver of any sovereign immunity of a State or local government or an Indian tribe against any unconsented lawsuit under this title or to otherwise restrict, expand, or modify any sovereign immunity of a State or local government or an Indian tribe. ``Construction with other relief.--The remedies available under this subsection are in addition to any other remedies available under Federal, State, local, or other law. ``Construction with forfeiture provisions.--Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to require a State to first bring an action under paragraph when pursuing relief under subsection . ``Construction With State Authorities.--Nothing in this title shall be construed to expand, restrict, or otherwise modify the right of an authorized State official from proceeding in any State court, or taking other enforcement actions, on the basis of alleged violation of State or other law.''. Inclusion of Smokeless Tobacco.-- Sections 802 and 803of that Act (other than the last sentence of section 802, as added by subsection of this section) are further amended by inserting ``or smokeless tobacco products'' after ``cigarettes'' each place it appears. Section 802 of such Act is further amended-- in subsection -- in paragraph , by inserting ``or section 4 of the Comprehensive Smokeless Tobacco Health Education Act of 1986 (15 U.S.C. 4403), as the case may be'' after ``section 7 of the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act (15 U.S.C. 1335a)''; in paragraph , by inserting ``or section 3 of the Comprehensive Smokeless Tobacco Health Education Act of 1986 (15 U.S.C. 4402), as the case may be,'' after ``section 4 of the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act (15 U.S.C. 1333)''; and in paragraph , by inserting ``or section 3of the Comprehensive Smokeless Tobacco Health Education Act of 1986 (15 U.S.C. 4402), as the case may be,'' after ``section 4of the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act (15 U.S.C. 1333)''; in subsection -- in the paragraph caption of paragraph , by inserting ``or smokeless tobacco'' after ``cigarettes''; and in the paragraph caption of paragraphs and , by inserting ``or smokeless tobacco'' after ``cigarettes''; and in subsection -- in the subsection caption, by inserting ``or Smokeless Tobacco'' after ``Cigarette''; in paragraph , by inserting ``or section 4 of the Comprehensive Smokeless Tobacco Health Education Act of 1986 (15 U.S.C. 4403), as the case may be'' after ``section 7 of the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act (15 U.S.C. 1335a)''; in paragraph , by inserting ``or section 3 of the Comprehensive Smokeless Tobacco Health Education Act of 1986 (15 U.S.C. 4402), as the case may be,'' after ``section 4 of the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act (15 U.S.C. 1333)''; and in paragraph , by inserting ``or section 3of the Comprehensive Smokeless Tobacco Health Education Act of 1986 (15 U.S.C. 4402), as the case may be'' after ``section 4of the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act (15 U.S.C. 1333)''. Section 803of that Act, as amended by subsection of this section, is further amended by inserting ``, or any smokeless tobacco product,'' after ``or tube'' the first place it appears. The heading of title VIII of such Act is amended by inserting ``AND SMOKELESS TOBACCO'' after ``CIGARETTES''. The heading of section 802 of such Act is amended by inserting ``and smokeless tobacco'' after ``cigarettes''. PRODUCTS SOLD IN A DELIVERY SALE. In General.--Section 5761 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to civil penalties) is amended by redesignating subsections and as subsections and , respectively, and inserting after subsection the following new subsection: ``Personal Use Quantities.-- ``In general.--No quantity of tobacco products other than the quantity referred to in paragraph may be relanded or received as a personal use quantity. ``Exception for personal use quantity.--Subsection and section 5754 shall not apply to any person who relands or receives tobacco products in the quantity allowed entry free of tax and duty under chapter 98 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States, and such person may voluntarily relinquish to the Secretary at the time of entry any excess of such quantity without incurring the penalty under subsection . ``Special rule for delivery sales.-- ``In general.--Paragraph shall not apply to any tobacco product sold in connection with a delivery sale. ``Delivery sale.--For purposes of subparagraph , the term `delivery sale' means any sale of a tobacco product to a consumer if-- ``the consumer submits the order for such sale by means of a telephone or other method of voice transmission, the mail, or the Internet or other online service, or the seller is otherwise not in the physical presence of the buyer when the request for purchase or order is made, or ``the tobacco product is delivered by use of a common carrier, private delivery service, or the mail, or the seller is not in the physical presence of the buyer when the buyer obtains personal possession of the tobacco product.''. Conforming Amendments.-- Subsection of section 5761 of such Code is amended by striking the last two sentences. Paragraph of section 5754of such Code is amended by striking ``section 5761'' and inserting ``section 5761''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. compliance with tariff act of 1930. (a) definitions. --section 802 (b)(1) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: " (b) definitions of the tariff act (19 u.s.c. 1681a (b)). --section 801 of that act is amended --section 903 of the tariffs act of 30 (19 U.s.,c.1681a) (b). --the term 'delivery sale' means any sale of cigarettes or a smokeless tobacco product to a consumer if-- " (a(a) the consumer submits the order for such sale by means of a telephone or other method of voice transmission, the mail, or the internet or other online service, or if the seller is otherwise not in the physical presence of the buyer when the request for purchase or order is made; or " (B) the cigarettes or smokeless cigarettes product is delivered by use of a common carrier, private delivery service, the internet, or other internet or online service; or (b), the buyer obtains personal possession of the delivered cigarettes or Smokeless tobacco products. --the terms 'indian tribe' and 'tribal' refer to an indian tribe as defined in the indian self- determination and education assistance act of 1994 (25 u.S.c., 450b (e)) or as listed pursuant to section 104 of the federally recognized indian tribes list act of 1990 (25 U.S., c. 479a-1). ". (b (c) inapplicability of exemptions from requirements for entry of certain cigarettes and smokeless products. -the terms "indian country' and "tribalist' referto an india tribe as described in the section 903-section 907 of the indians self-determination and education aid act of 1934 (19 in.s,c. 1581a,b) (e) and the section 803-contributing to the tariff acts of 1930,19 in the same sentence, "the preceding sentence shall not apply to any cigarettes or tobacco products sold in connection with a delivery sale.". (c (d) state access to customs certifications. --a state, through its attorney general, shall be entitled to obtain copies of any certification required under subsection (c), " (d)(a) upon request to the agency of the united states responsible for collecting such certification; or "(2) upon requests to the importer,sovereign immunity of a state or local government or an indian tribe against any unconsented lawsuit under this title. --nothing in this title shall be construed to restrict, expand, or modify any sovereign immunity of any indian tribes. " (b) construction with other relief. --the remedies available under this subsection are in addition to any other remedies available across federal, state, local, or other law. "(4) construction in other relief provisions. -- nothing in this subsection shall be interpreted to require a state to first bring an action under paragraph (2) when pursuing relief under subsection (b). " (d) construction on the right of an authorized state official from proceeding in any state court, or taking other enforcement actions, on the basis of alleged violation of state or other laws. "(5) construction upon forfeiture provisions. -nothing in the subsection shall in this section be construed as requiring a state official to bring a forfeiture action under this paragraph (other than the last sentence of section 802 (b)(1), as the case may be), or to otherwise restrict, restrict, or otherwise modify any right of a authorized state government or indian tribal to proceed with any enforcement actions on the grounds of alleged violations of state and other law or of forfeiture provisions of any state or federal law. ". (e) inclusion of smokeless tobacco. -- (1) sections 802 and 803 (a) of that act (other other than the first sentence of paragraph 802 (other less than the third sentence of sections 802 (a), as added by subsection (B) of this section) are further amended by inserting "or smokeless cigarettes products" after "cigarettes" each place it appears. (2(2) section 802 of such act is further amended-- (a�) in subsection (a)-- (i) in paragraph (1), by insertion "or section 4 of the comprehensive smokeless cigarette health education act of 1986 (15 u.s.c. 4403), as a case may been" after (section 7 of the federal cigarette labeling and advertising act (15 U.s.,c. 1333 (c))"; (ii) inparagraph (2), by inserting (or smoke-less tobacco products" before "cigarettes"; (i" in paragraph "a), by "or "or the comprehensive Smokeless tobacco health education Act of 1986 "15 u�s.C. 4402), as an case may not be," after "section 4 (d" of the United cigarette labeling "15 Uplace it appears. (4) (a) the heading of title viii of such act is amended by inserting "and smokeless tobacco" after "cigarettes". (b) the head of section 802 of such Act is amendedby inserting " and smokeless cigarettes". (c) sec. 2. application of civil penalties to relandings of tobacco products sold in a delivery sale. -- "(a) in general. --section 5761 of the internal revenue code of 1986 (relating to civil penalties) is amended as redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e’ and (f), respectively, and inserting after subsection (c), the following new subsection: " (d- personal use quantities. --"(1) in the general. —no quantity of tobacco Products other than the quantity referred to in paragraph (2) may be relanded or received as a personal use quantity. "(2) exception for personal useQuantity. --subsection (c). and section 5754 shall not apply to any person who relands or receives tobacco products in the quantity allowed entry free of tax and duty under chapter 98 of the harmonized tariff schedule of the united states, and such person may voluntarily relinquish to the secretary at the time of entry any excess of such quantity without incurring the penalty under subsection (b). "(3) special rule for delivery sales. -- " (a" in general, and section (2). --paragraph (1) shall notapply to any tobacco product sold in connection with a delivery sales, or to any other person who is relands, receives tobacco product in the quantities allowed entryFree of tax or duty under section 98 of a harmonized tariffs schedule of that united states. -- such person is voluntarily relinquishing to the Secretary at the state at the moment of entryany excess of any quantity of such Quantity, without incurrence the penalty over subsection (a). "(4) special Rule for delivery. -- (a, in general.) -- subparagraph (2)( shall not applied to all tobacco product sales. " (2-paragraph (2)) shall not include any sale of a tobacco product to a consumer if-- " (i) the consumer submits the order for such sale by means of a telephone or other method of voice transmission, the mail, or the internet or other online service, and the seller is otherwise not in the physical presence of the buyer when the request for purchase or order is made, or " (ii) the tobacco product is delivered by use</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.612656831741333</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>10</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Outer Continental Shelf Revenue Sharing Act of 2005''. Section 31 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1356a) is amended-- in subsection -- by striking paragraph ; by redesignating paragraphs , , and as paragraphs , , and , respectively; in paragraph (as redesignated by subparagraph ), by striking subparagraph and inserting the following: ``Inclusion.--The term `producing State' includes any State that begins production on a leased tract on or after the date of enactment of the Outer Continental Shelf Revenue Sharing Act of 2005, regardless of whether the leased tract was on any date subject to a leasing moratorium.''; and in paragraph (as redesignated by subparagraph ), by striking subparagraph ; and in subsection , by striking subparagraph . Section 4of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1333) is amended-- by inserting ``'' after ``''; in the first sentence-- by striking ``President shall'' and inserting ``Secretary shall by regulation''; and by inserting before the period at the end the following: ``not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Outer Continental Shelf Revenue Sharing Act of 2005''; and by adding at the end the following: ``For purposes of this Act (including determining boundaries to authorize leasing and preleasing activities and any attributing revenues under this Act and calculating payments to producing States and coastal political subdivisions under section 31), the Secretary shall delineate the lateral boundaries between coastal States in areas of the Outer Continental shelf under exclusive Federal jurisdiction, to the extent of the exclusive economic zone of the United States, in accordance with article 15 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of December 10, 1982. ``This clause shall not affect any right or title to Federal submerged land on the outer Continental Shelf.''. OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF. Section 12 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1341) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Leasing Within the Seaward Lateral Boundaries of Coastal States.-- ``Definition of affected area.--In this subsection, the term `affected area' means any area located-- ``in the areas of northern, central, and southern California and the areas of Oregon and Washington; ``in the north, middle, or south planning area of the Atlantic Ocean; ``in the eastern Gulf of Mexico planning area and lying-- ``south of 26 degrees north latitude; and ``east of 86 degrees west longitude; or ``in the Straits of Florida. ``Restrictions on leasing.--The Secretary shall not offer for offshore leasing, preleasing, or any related activity-- ``any area located on the outer Continental Shelf that, as of the date of enactment of this subsection, is designated as a marine sanctuary under the Marine Protection, Research, and Sanctuaries Act of 1972 (33 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.); or ``except as provided in paragraphs and , during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection and ending on June 30, 2012, any affected area. ``Resource assessments.-- ``In general.--Beginning on the date on which the Secretary delineates seaward lateral boundaries under section 4, a Governor of a State in which an affected area is located, with the consent of the legislature of the State, may submit to the Secretary a petition requesting a resource assessment of any area within the seaward lateral boundary of the State. ``Eligible resources.--A petition for a resource assessment under subparagraph may be for-- ``oil and gas leasing; ``gas-only leasing; or ``any other energy source leasing, including renewable energy leasing. ``Action by secretary.--Not later than 90 days after receipt of a petition under subparagraph , the Secretary shall approve the petition, unless the Secretary determines that a resource assessment of the area would create an unreasonable risk of harm to the marine, human, or coastal environment of the State. ``Failure to act.--If the Secretary fails to approve or deny a petition in accordance with subparagraph -- ``the petition shall be considered to be approved; and ``a resource assessment of any appropriate area shall be carried out as soon as practicable. ``Submission to state.--As soon as practicable after the date on which a petition is approved under subparagraph or , the Secretary shall-- ``complete the resource assessment for the area; and ``submit the completed resource assessment to the State. ``Petition for leasing.-- ``In general.--On receipt of a resource assessment under paragraph , the Governor of a State in which an affected area is located, with the consent of the legislature of the State, may submit to the Secretary a petition requesting that the Secretary make available any land that is within the seaward lateral boundaries of the State (as established under section 4) and that is greater than 20 miles from the coastline of the State for the conduct of offshore leasing, pre-leasing, or related activities with respect to-- ``oil and gas leasing; ``gas-only leasing; or ``any other energy source leasing, including renewable energy leasing. ``Action by secretary.--Not later than 90 days after receipt of a petition under subparagraph , the Secretary shall approve the petition, unless the Secretary determines that leasing the area would create an unreasonable risk of harm to the marine, human, or coastal environment of the State. ``Failure to act.--If the Secretary fails to approve or deny a petition in accordance with subparagraph -- ``the petition shall be considered to be approved; and ``any appropriate area shall be made available for oil and gas leasing, gas-only leasing, or any other energy source leasing, including renewable energy leasing. ``Revenue sharing.-- ``In general.--Beginning on the date on which production begins in an area under this subsection, the State shall, without further appropriation, share in any qualified outer Continental Shelf revenues of the production under section 31. ``Applicable law.-- ``In general.--Except as provided in clause , a State shall not be required to comply with subsections and of section 31 to share in qualified outer Continental Shelf revenues under subparagraph . ``Exception.--Of any qualified outer Continental Shelf revenues received by a State (including a political subdivision of a State) under subparagraph , at least 25 percent shall be used for 1 or more of the purposes described in section 31. ``Effect.--Nothing in this subsection affects any right relating to an area described in paragraph or under a lease that was in existence on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection.''. In General.--The Secretary of the Interior shall issue such regulations as are necessary to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, including regulations establishing procedures for entering into gas-only leases. Gas-Only Leases.--In issuing regulations establishing procedures for entering into gas-only leases, the Secretary shall-- ensure that gas-only leases under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) are not available in a State that (as of the day before the date of enactment of this Act) did not contain an affected area (as defined in section 12of that Act (as added by section 4)); and define ``natural gas'' as-- unmixed natural gas; or any mixture of natural or artificial gas (including compressed or liquefied petroleum gas) and condensate recovered from natural gas."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "outer continental shelf revenue sharing act of 2005". sec. 2. outer continental shelf Revenue sharing. section 31 of the outer continental hill lands act (43 u.s.c. 1356a) is amended-- (1) in subsection (a)-- (a) by striking paragraph (7); (b) by redesignating paragraphs (8), (9), and (10) as paragraphs (7), (8) and (9) respectively; (c) in paragraph (8, (9, and (11) as subparagraph (b)), by striking subparagraph (c); and (d) by inserting the following: " (a)(a) in the first sentence of the second paragraph (a), by striking paragraphs (6), (7, (7) and " (8-9), respectively; "; and (c in paragraph 8) (as redesignated by subparagraph (a)), by strike subparagraph (B) and inserting the Following: " " (b). sec. 3. establishment of seaward lateral boundaries for coastal states. section 4 (a(2) (a)) of the Outer continental shelf lands act is amended by adding at the end the following sentence: " --the term 'producing state' includes any state that begins production on a leased tract on or after the date of enactment of the inner continental shelf, regardless of whether the leased tract was on any date subject to a leasing moratorium. "; (d(e) in paragraphs (9-9) ( as redesignated) by subparagraph, (b), by struck subparagraph (C); and "2) in subsections (b)(4), by passing subparagraph (e), sec. 4. establishment and seaward lateral boundaries for the coastal states and establishment of the seaward medial boundaries of coastal states, section 4. ephemeral boundaries. section 3 (a+2) "a) of the under continental shelf land act (42 u.ss.c.) 1333 (a-2) was amended-- "1) by insertion " (i)" after " (A)"; (2) by the secretary shall delineate the lateral boundaries between coastal states in areas of the continental shelf and inserting "secretary shall by regulation"; and (b" by inserting before the period at the beginning the following, "not later than 180 days after the Date of enactmentof the outer Continental shelf revenue Sharing act of five"; and "3) by addingAt the end-- " (a) in general. --beginning on the date on which the secretary delineates seaward lateral boundaries under section 4 (a)(2) (a), a governor of a state in which an affected area is located, with the consent of the legislature of the state, may submit to the secretary a petition requesting a resource assessment of any area within the seaward- lateral boundary of the State. " (b) eligible resources. --a petition for a Resource assessment under subparagraph (a). --beginst on the day on which a petition for-- " " (i) oil and gas leasing; " (ii) gas-only leasing; or " (iii) any other energy source leasing, including renewable energy leasing. " " "(c) action by secretary. --not later than 90 days after receipt of a petition underparagraph (a, the secretary shall approve the petition, unless the secretary determines that a resource assess of the area would create an unreasonable risk of harm to the marine, human, or coastal environment of thestate. " "(d) failure to act. --if the secretary fails to approve or deny a petition in accordance with subparagraph (c)-- " (I) the petition shall be considered to be approved; and " (II) a resource Assessment of any appropriate area shall be carried out as soon as practicable. "(e) submission to state. --as soon as possible after the dateOn which a petitions is approved under subparagraph,c) or (d), the secretary may-- "(i) complete the resource assessment for the area; and (ii" submit the completed resource assessment to the state. "(4) petition for leasing. -- " ( a) ingeneral. --on receipt of (a-b)-- " " I) the petitions shall be consider to be reviewed to be ready; and “ (ii’ a resource impact of any applicable area shallbe carried out. "(5) petition. -- (e) submitted to state and --as far as practicable after the due date onwhich a petition is approved. --when practicable after a date on the subject on which an email is approved, the Secretary shall-- " ” (i’s complete the Resource assessment for a area; " "i) submit the completion resource assessment. "(a) petition (a. --in the case on receipt of an resource assessment under paragraph (3)(e) (ii), the governor of the governor's astate in which a affected area are located,continental shelf revenues received by a state (including a political subdivision of a state) under subparagraph (a), at least 25 percent shall be used for 1 or more of the purposes described in section 31 (d)(1). "(6) effect. --nothing in this subsection affects any right relating to an area described in paragraph (1) or (2) under a lease that was in existence on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection. "(7) sec. 5. regulations. (a) in general. --the secretary of the interior shall issue such regulations as are necessary to carry out this act and the amendments made by this act, including regulations establishing procedures for entering into gas-only leases. (b) gas- only leases. --in issuing regulations establishing regulations for gas-and-gas-only leasing, the secretary shall-- (1a) ensure that gas- and gas-oil leases under the outer continental shelf lands act (43 u.s.c. 1331 et seq.) are not available in a state that (as of the day of the date before the enactment of that act) did not contain an affected area (as defined in section 12(g)(1) of that Act (as added by section 4)); and (2a) define "natural gas" as-- (a)(a) unmixed natural gas; or (b- any mixture of natural or artificial gas (including compressed or liquefied petroleum gas) and condensate recovered from natural gas. condensates recovered from gas.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5734232664108276</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>11</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act Amendments of 1993''. Title.--The heading of title I of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act (42 U.S.C. 6000 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: ``TITLE I--PROGRAMS FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES''. Part.--The heading of part A of title I of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act (42 U.S.C. 6000 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: ``PART A--GENERAL PROVISIONS''. Section 101 of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act (42 U.S.C. 6000) is amended to read as follows: `` ``Findings.--The Congress finds that-- ``in 1993 there are more than 3,000,000 individuals with developmental disabilities in the United States; ``disability is a natural part of the human experience that does not diminish the right of individuals with developmental disabilities to enjoy the opportunity to live independently, enjoy self-determination, make choices, contribute to society, and experience full integration and inclusion in the economic, political, social, cultural, and educational mainstream of American society; ``individuals with developmental disabilities continually encounter various forms of discrimination in critical areas; ``there is a lack of public awareness of the capabilities and competencies of individuals with developmental disabilities; ``individuals whose disabilities occur during their developmental period frequently have severe disabilities that are likely to continue indefinitely; ``individuals with developmental disabilities often require lifelong specialized services and assistance, provided in a coordinated and culturally competent manner by many agencies, professionals, advocates, community representatives, and others to eliminate barriers and to meet the needs of such individuals and their families; ``a substantial portion of individuals with developmental disabilities and their families do not have access to appropriate support and services from generic and specialized service systems and remain unserved or underserved; ``family members, friends, and members of the community can play an important role in enhancing the lives of individuals with developmental disabilities, especially when the family and community are provided with the necessary services and supports; and ``the goals of the Nation properly include the goal of providing individuals with developmental disabilities with the opportunities and support to-- ``make informed choices and decisions; ``live in homes and communities in which such individuals can exercise their full rights and responsibilities as citizens; ``pursue meaningful and productive lives; ``contribute to their family, community, State, and Nation; ``have interdependent friendships and relationships with others; and ``achieve full integration and inclusion in society; in an individualized manner, consistent with unique strengths, resources, priorities, concerns, abilities and capabilities of each individual. ``Purpose.--The purpose of this Act is to assure that individuals with developmental disabilities and their families have access to culturally competent services, supports, and other assistance and opportunities that promote independence, productivity, and integration and inclusion into the community, through-- ``support to State Developmental Disabilities Councils in each State to promote, through systemic change, capacity building, and advocacy (consistent with section 101), a consumer and family-centered, comprehensive system, and a coordinated array of services, supports, and other assistance for individuals with developmental disabilities and their families; ``support to protection and advocacy systems in each State to protect the legal and human rights of individuals with developmental disabilities; ``support to university affiliated programs to provide interdisciplinary preservice preparation of students and fellows, community service activities, and the dissemination of information and research findings; and ``support to national initiatives to collect necessary data, provide technical assistance to State Developmental Disabilities Councils, protection, and advocacy systems and university affiliated programs, and support other nationally significant activities. ``Policy.--It is the policy of the United States that all programs, projects, and activities receiving assistance under this Act shall be carried out in a manner consistent with the principles that-- ``individuals with developmental disabilities, including those with the most severe developmental disabilities, are capable of achieving independence, productivity, and integration and inclusion into the community, and the provision of services, supports and other assistance can improve such individuals' ability to achieve independence, productivity, and integration and inclusion; ``individuals with developmental disabilities and their families have competencies, capabilities and personal goals that should be recognized, supported, and encouraged and any assistance should be provided in an individualized manner, consistent with the unique strengths, resources, priorities, concerns, abilities, and capabilities of the individual; ``individuals with developmental disabilities and their families are the primary decisionmakers regarding the services and supports such individuals and their families receive and play decisionmaking roles in policies and programs that affect the lives of such individuals and their families; ``services, supports, and other assistance are provided in a manner that demonstrates respect for individual dignity, personal preferences, and cultural differences; ``communities accept and support individuals with developmental disabilities and are enriched by the full and active participation and the contributions by individuals with developmental disabilities and their families; and ``individuals with developmental disabilities have opportunities and the necessary support to be included in community life, have interdependent relationships, live in homes and communities, and make contributions to their families, community, State, and Nation.''. Protection and Advocacy of the Rights of Individuals With Developmental Disabilities.--The heading of part C of title I of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act (42 U.S.C. 6041 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: ``PART C--PROTECTION AND ADVOCACY OF THE RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS WITH DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES''. System Required.--Section 142 of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act (42 U.S.C. 6042) is amended by adding at the end the following subsection: ``Public Notice of Federal Onsite Review.--The Secretary shall provide advance public notice of any Federal programmatic and administrative review and solicit public comment on the system funded under this part through such notice. The findings of the public comment solicitation notice shall be included in the onsite visit report. The results of such reviews shall be distributed to the Governor of the State and to other interested public and private parties.''. Definition Regarding University Affiliated Programs.--The Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act (42 U.S.C. 6000 et seq.) is amended-- in section 102-- by inserting ``, except as provided in section 155,'' before ``includes''; and by inserting ``the Commonwealth of'' before ``Puerto Rico''; and by adding at the end of part D the following section: `` ``For purposes of this part, the term `State' means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and Guam.''. Planning of Priority Area Activities.--Section 130 of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act (42 U.S.C. 6030) is amended by striking ``$77,400,000'' and all that follows and inserting the following: ``$70,000,000 for fiscal year 1994, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 1995 and 1996.''. Protection and Advocacy of Individual Rights.--Section 143 of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act (42 U.S.C. 6043) is amended by striking ``$24,200,000'' and all that follows and inserting the following: ``$24,000,000 for fiscal year 1994, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 1995 and 1996.''. University Affiliated Program.--Section 154 of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act (42 U.S.C. 6064) is amended to read as follows: `` ``For the purpose of making grants under subsections through of section 152, there are authorized to be appropriated $19,000,000 for fiscal year 1994, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 1995 and 1996.''. Projects of National Significance.--Section 163of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act (42 U.S.C. 6083) is amended by striking ``$3,650,000'' and all that follows and inserting the following: ``$4,000,000 for fiscal year 1994, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 1995 and 1996.''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "developmental disabilities assistance and bill of rights act amendments of 1993". sec. 2. title and part headings. (a) title. --the heading of title i of the developmental disabilities assistance (42 u.s.c. 6000 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: "title i--programs for individuals with developmental disabilities". (b) part. -- the heading of part a of titlei of the development disabilities assistance, bill of laws act (42 U.S.C. 6000) is amended by reading as "part a--general provisions". (c) part a--part-a--general provision. sec. 3. findings, purposes, and policy. (b). --the headings of section 101 of this act are amended by read as "sec. 101. findings and purposes, " (b. section 101. report. --a report of the congress finds that-- "(a) findings and purpose. --(a) the congress found that-- (b.) the congress find that-- "the congress finds the developmental disability assistance and Bill of rights Act (42 ins. c. 5000 et seq) is a "general purpose and policy". (2) findings. --The congress finds:-- "(1) in 1993 there are more than 3,000,000 individuals with disabilities in the united states; "(2) disability is a natural part of the human experience that does not diminish the right of individuals with disability to enjoy the opportunity to live independently, enjoy self-determination, make choices, contribute to society, and experience full integration and inclusion in the economic, political, social, cultural, and educational mainstream of american society; "(3) individuals are often subject to discrimination in critical areas; "(4) there is a lack of public awareness of the capabilities and competencies of individuals and their families; "(5) individuals whose disabilities occur during their developmental period frequently have severe disabilities that are likely to continue indefinitely; "(6) individuals with a developmental period often require lifelong specialized services and assistance, provided in a coordinated and culturally competent manner by many agencies, professionals, advocates, community representatives, and others to eliminate barriers and to meet the needs of such individuals; "(7) individuals who have developmental disabilities frequently encounter various forms of discrimination and disabilities; "(8) there are many forms of disability in critical area; "(9) individuals in developmental disabilities are often in the United States; "(10) individuals have a" (c) policy. --it is the policy of the united states that all programs, projects, and activities receiving assistance under this act shall be carried out in a manner consistent with the principles that-- "(1) individuals with developmental disabilities, including those with the most severe developmental disabilities are capable of achieving independence, productivity, and integration and inclusion into the community, and the provision of services, supports and other assistance can improve such individuals and their families' ability to achieve independence, and integrate and inclusion; "(2) individuals have competencies, capabilities and personal goals that should be recognized, supported, and encouraged and any assistance should be provided in an individualized manner, consistent with those goals, resources, priorities, concerns, abilities, and capabilities of the individual; "(3) individuals are the primary decisionmakers regarding the services and supports such individuals receive and play decisionmaking roles in policies and programs that affect the lives of such individuals; "(4) services and support are provided in a timely manner that demonstrates respect for individual dignity, capabilities, and individual rights; "(5) services, support, and assistance are provided to individuals and families in a way that is consistent with their individual dignity and capabilities; "(6) services are supported and provided in accordance with the unique strengths, resources and priorities, and abilities of the individuals and the families; "(7) individuals receive services and services that are supported, supported and encouraged; "(8) individuals provide services, services, and support to individuals with disabilities; "(9) individuals support and provide services that demonstrate respect for individuals' abilities, personal preferences, and cultural differences; "(10) communities accept and support individuals with development disabilities and are enriched by the full and active participation and the contributions by individuals with children; "(11) individuals accept, support and support people with developmental disability and their family; "(12) individuals integrate and integrate into community life; "(13) individuals make opportunities and the necessary support to be included in community life, have interdependent relationships, live in homes and communities, and make contributions to their families, community, state, and nation. ". sec. 4. technical amendments. (a) protection and advocacy of the rights of individuals with cognitive disabilities. --the heading of part c of title i of the developmental disabilities assistance and bill of rights act (42 u.s.c. 6041 et seq. ) is amended to read as follows: "part c--protection and advocacy and the rights by individuals for developmental disabilities". (b) system required. --section 142 of"sec. 154. authorization of appropriations. "for the purpose of making grants under subsections (a) through (e) of section 152, there are authorized to be appropriated $19,000,000 for fiscal year 1994, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 1995 and 1996.". (d) projects of national significance. --section 163 (a)(a) of the developmental disabilities assistance and bill of rights act (42 u.s.c. 6083 (a)) is amended by striking "$3,650,000" and all that follows and inserting the following: "$4,000-000 for the fiscal year 1995, and so sums as May be necessary to each ofthe fiscal years 1996.".". "(a) is amended to strike "$3"650,00" and "all that follows" and inserting "further sums as necessary for the financial years 1995, 1996.", and "such sums as is necessary for any of the financial year 1995 and1996.".</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5977931022644043</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>12</ROW><BILL>"Due Process.--Paragraph of section 496of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1099b) is amended to read as follows: ``such agency or association shall apply procedures throughout the accrediting process, including evaluation, interim sanction, and withdrawal or termination of accreditation proceedings, that comply with due process, including the right to-- ``adequate specification of the agency's accrediting requirements; ``written notice of deficiencies at the institution of higher education or program being examined and a reasonable time period, expressly set forth in the notice, to correct the deficiencies; ``advance notice of and an opportunity for a hearing by any such institution before the agency's decision making body prior to the agency's final consideration of imposition of an adverse action; ``appeal any adverse action by the agency against any such institution to an independent and impartial arbitration panel appointed jointly by the agency and the institution and conducted at the location of the institution; ``appeal, at a minimum, the adequacy of the evidence supporting the adverse action decision, the adequacy of the agency's compliance with its own policies and procedures, and the extent to which the decision of the agency was tainted by bias or prejudice of any agent or official of the agency; ``representation by counsel for any such institution; ``an arbitration panel decision that may affirm or reverse, but not modify, the decision appealed by the institution; and ``an allocation of the costs of the appeal that requires the agency and institution to each bear its own attorney, witness, and other costs of presentation of its case at the arbitration hearing and shifts the cost of the arbitration panel and any court reporter to the losing party; except that the Secretary may issue regulations to further define due process requirements as needed to protect accredited institutions, but may not by regulation reduce due process requirements available to accredited institutions, whether the due process is required under this paragraph or another provision of law or regulation;''. Additional Criteria.--Section 496is amended-- by striking ``and'' at the end of paragraph ; by striking the period at the end of paragraph and inserting a semicolon; and by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ``if an agency or association conducts an assessment of an institution's governing board-- ``such assessment shall consistently apply the accreditation standard, to the greatest extent possible, to any State-appointed receiver, special trustee, or similar interim governing authority, until such time as governing authority is returned to the regular governing board; and ``such agency or association shall not terminate accreditation solely on the ground that the institution is under interim management of a State- appointed receiver, special trustee, or similar governing authority unless the agency or association determines that there are other deficiencies at the institution that provide grounds for termination, and that, after providing due process required by this section, the interim governing authority has not corrected such deficiencies within a reasonable period of time; and ``such agency or association, and any officer or subdivision of such agency or association that makes accreditation recommendations to its decision-making board, shall conduct meetings open to public observation and comment and shall, at least 7 days before the time of any such meeting, post and distribute its meeting agenda electronically and otherwise to the public, and, for purposes of this paragraph-- ``the term `meetings' includes all meetings, hearings, appeals, deliberations, and votes on accreditation matters regarding any educational institution or on accrediting standards, policies, or procedures; and ``the Secretary shall issue regulations to implement this paragraph.''. Recognition of State Accrediting Agencies.--Section 496(20 U.S.C. 1099b) is amended by striking ``on or before October 1, 1991''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. recognition of accrediting agencies and associations. (a) due process. --paragraph (6) of section 496 (a), of the higher education act of 1965 (20 u.s.c. 1099b (a)) is amended to read as follows: "(6) such agency or association shall apply procedures throughout the accredited process, including evaluation, interim sanction, and withdrawal or termination of accreditation proceedings, that comply with due process,including the right to-- " (b) adequate specification of the agency's accredits requirements; " (c) written notice of deficiencies at the institution of higher education or program being examined and a reasonable time period, expressly set forth in the notice, to correct the deficiencies; and " (d) advance notice of and an opportunity for a hearing by any such institution before the agency or its decision making body prior to the agency, including the hearing of the accreditation requirements. --section 496(a) is amended-- (a)(b) to include the following: " (i) notice of the deficiencies at any institution being examined; " " (ii) notice that the institution is being examined by the agency and the institution; "(iii) notice or an invitation for a meeting by any other institution; and (iv) an opportunity to appeal any adverse action by any agency or institution to an independent and impartial arbitration panel appointed jointly by the agencies and the nation and conducted at the location of the institution, and the extent to which the agency was tainted by bias or prejudice of any agent or official of any such agency; and, at a minimum, an arbitration panel decision that may affirm or reverse, but not modify, the decision appealed by the institution or conducted at any location of any institution; or (e) appeal, at the minimum, the adequacy of the evidence supporting the adverse action decision, the inadequacy of its evidence supporting its case, the extent and other costs of presentation of its own policies and procedures, and, the amount to which it decision of the decision of any agency was contaminated by bias, prejudice of the agent or employee of any other agency; "f) representation by counsel for any such person; "-g) an arbitration decision that is not a decision by the arbitration panel, but does affirm or Reverse, the appeal by the nation; and “ (h) an allocation of the costs of the appeal that requires the agency’s case at the arbitration hearing and shifts the cost of the arbitral panel". (c) recognition of state accrediting agencies. --section 496 (a)(3) (b) (20 u.s.c. 1099b (a6) (c)) is amended by striking "on or before october 1, 1991". (b)) is amend by striking (on or after october 31, 1991).</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5681611895561218</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>13</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Robert S. Walker and George E. Brown, Jr. Hydrogen Energy Act of 2001''. Section 102of the Spark M. Matsunaga Hydrogen Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1990 is amended to read as follows: ``Purposes.--The purposes of this Act are-- ``to direct the Secretary to conduct research, development, and demonstration activities leading to the production, storage, transportation, and use of hydrogen for industrial, commercial, residential, transportation, and utility applications; ``to direct the Secretary to develop a program of technology assessment, information dissemination, and education in which Federal, State, and local agencies, members of the energy, transportation, and other industries, and other entities may participate; and ``to develop methods of hydrogen production that minimize adverse environmental impacts, including efficient and cost-effective production from renewable and nonrenewable energy resources.''. Section 102of the Spark M. Matsunaga Hydrogen Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1990 is amended-- by redesignating paragraphs through as paragraphs through , respectively; and by inserting before paragraph , as so redesignated by paragraph of this section, the following new paragraph: ```advisory board' means the advisory board established under section 108;''. Section 103 of the Spark M. Matsunaga Hydrogen Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1990 is amended to read as follows: `` ``Requirement.--Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Robert S. Walker and George E. Brown, Jr. Hydrogen Energy Act of 2001, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a detailed report on the status and progress of the programs and activities authorized under this Act. ``Contents.--A report under subsection shall include, in addition to any views and recommendations of the Secretary-- ``an analysis of Federal, State, and local hydrogen- related research and development activities to identify productive areas for increased intergovernmental collaboration; ``a determination of the effectiveness of the technology assessment, information dissemination, and education program established under section 106; and ``recommendations of the advisory board for any improvements needed in the programs and activities authorized by this Act.''. Section 104 of the Spark M. Matsunaga Hydrogen Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1990 is amended to read as follows: `` ``Establishment of Program.--The Secretary shall conduct a hydrogen research and development program relating to production, storage, transportation, and use of hydrogen, with the goal of enabling the private sector to demonstrate the technical feasibility of using hydrogen for industrial, commercial, residential, transportation, and utility applications. ``Elements.--In conducting the program authorized by this section, the Secretary shall-- ``give particular attention to developing an understanding and resolution of critical technical issues preventing the introduction of hydrogen into the marketplace; ``initiate or accelerate existing research and development in critical technical issues that will contribute to the development of more economical hydrogen production, storage, transportation, and use, including critical technical issues with respect to production (giving priority to those production techniques that use renewable energy resources as their primary source of energy for hydrogen production), liquefaction, transmission, distribution, storage, and use (including use of hydrogen in surface transportation); and ``survey private sector and public sector hydrogen research and development activities worldwide, and take steps to ensure that research and development activities under this section do not-- ``duplicate any available research and development results; or ``displace or compete with the privately funded hydrogen research and development activities of United States industry. ``Evaluation of Technologies.--The Secretary shall evaluate, for the purpose of determining whether to undertake or fund research and development activities under this section, any reasonable new or improved technology that could lead or contribute to the development of economical hydrogen production, storage, transportation, and use. ``Competitive Peer Review.--The Secretary shall carry out or fund research and development activities under this section only on a competitive basis using peer review. ``Cost Sharing.--The Secretary shall require, for research and development activities carried out by industry under this section, a commitment from non-Federal sources of at least 20 percent of the cost of the project.''. Section 105of the Spark M. Matsunaga Hydrogen Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1990 is amended by inserting ``Non-Federal Funding Requirement.--'' after ``''. Section 106 of the Spark M. Matsunaga Hydrogen Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1990 is amended to read as follows: `` EDUCATION PROGRAM. ``Program.--The Secretary shall, in consultation with the advisory board, conduct a program designed to accelerate wider application of hydrogen production, storage, transportation, and use technologies, including application in foreign countries to increase the global market for the technologies and foster global economic development without harmful environmental effects. ``Information.--The Secretary, in carrying out the program authorized by subsection , shall-- ``undertake an update of the inventory and assessment, required under section 106of this Act as in effect before the date of the enactment of the Robert S. Walker and George E. Brown, Jr. Hydrogen Energy Act of 2001, of hydrogen technologies and their commercial capability to economically produce, store, transport, or use hydrogen in industrial, commercial, residential, transportation, and utility sectors; ``develop, with other Federal agencies as appropriate and industry, an information exchange program to improve technology transfer for hydrogen production, storage, transportation, and use, which may consist of workshops, publications, conferences, and a database for the use by the public and private sectors; and ``foster the exchange of generic, nonproprietary hydrogen production, storage, transportation, and use information and technology among industry, academia, and Federal, State, and local governments.''. Section 107 of the Spark M. Matsunaga Hydrogen Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1990 is amended-- in subsection , by striking ``management responsibility--'' and all that follows through ``'' and inserting ``management responsibility''; and by amending subsection to read as follows: ``Consultation.--The Secretary shall consult with other Federal agencies as appropriate, and the advisory board, in carrying out the Secretary's authorities pursuant to this Act.''. Section 108 of the Spark M. Matsunaga Hydrogen Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1990 is amended to read as follows: `` ``Establishment.--The Secretary shall enter into appropriate arrangements with the National Academy of Sciences to establish an advisory board consisting of experts drawn from domestic industry, academia, Governmental laboratories, and financial, environmental, and other organizations, as appropriate, to review and advise on the progress made through the programs and activities authorized under this Act. ``Cooperation.--The heads of Federal agencies shall cooperate with the advisory board in carrying out this section and shall furnish to the advisory board such information as the advisory board reasonably deems necessary to carry out this section. ``Review.--The advisory board shall review and make any necessary recommendations to the Secretary on-- ``the implementation and conduct of programs and activities authorized under this Act; and ``the economic, technological, and environmental consequences of the deployment of hydrogen production, storage, transportation, and use systems.''. Section 109 of the Spark M. Matsunaga Hydrogen Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1990 is amended to read as follows: `` ``Research and Development; Advisory Board.--There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out sections 104 and 108-- ``$40,000,000 for fiscal year 2002; ``$45,000,000 for fiscal year 2003; ``$50,000,000 for fiscal year 2004; ``$55,000,000 for fiscal year 2005; and ``$60,000,000 for fiscal year 2006. ``Demonstration.--There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out section 105-- ``$20,000,000 for fiscal year 2002; ``$25,000,000 for fiscal year 2003; ``$30,000,000 for fiscal year 2004; ``$35,000,000 for fiscal year 2005; and ``$40,000,000 for fiscal year 2006.''. Repeal.--Title II of the Hydrogen Future Act of 1996 is repealed. Conforming Amendment.--Section 2 of the Hydrogen Future Act of 1996 is amended by striking ``titles II and III'' and inserting ``title III''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "robert s. walker and george e. brown, jr. hydrogen energy act of 2001". sec. 2. purposes. section 102 (b) of the spark m. matsunaga hydrogen research, development, and demonstration act of 1990 is amended to read as follows: "sec. 102. " (a) purposes. --the purposes of this act are-- "(1) to direct the secretary to conduct research, develop, and demonstrate activities leading to the production, storage, transportation, and use of hydrogen; "(2) to conduct a program of technology assessment, information dissemination, and education in which federal, state, and local agencies, members of the energy, transportation and other industries, and other entities may participate; and "(3) to develop methods of hydrogen production that minimize adverse environmental impacts, including efficient and cost-effective production from renewable and nonrenewable energy resources. ". sec. 3. hydrogen research and development. section 104 of the Spark m. matunaga Hyd research, Development, and Demonstration act of 1991 is amended-- (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (3) as paragraphs (4), respectively; and (2- by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated by paragraph (1), as paragraph (3), respectively. --in conducting research and demonstration activities that maximize adverse environmental impact, including energy efficiency and production of hydrogen from renewable, non-energy resources. " sec. 4. reports to congress. section 103 (c) is amended. section 105 of the " spark m., matsunag hydrogen research. " " (c). --the secretary shall report to congress-- (c. --by redesignating sections (1)(1) through the paragraphs (1-3) and paragraphs (5) through and paragraph (6) of this section, the following new paragraph: "(1)(a) 'advisory board' means the advisory board established under section 108; "(1(b) means the secretary's advisory board; "(c) 'announcement of the secretary' means that the secretary has received a report on the status and progress of the programs and activities authorized by section 106; and " (d) reports to Congress. section 101 of the plug m. m. Matsunaga, hydrogen research (and demonstration act) of 1990, amended to reading as follows " " "c) requirement. --not later than 1 year after the date of" (c) evaluation of technologies. --the secretary shall evaluate, for the purpose of determining whether to undertake or fund research and development activities under this section, any reasonable new or improved technology that could lead or contribute to the development of economical hydrogen production, storage, transportation, and use. " (d) competitive peer review. -- the secretary shall carry out or fund Research and development Activities under this Section only on a competitive basis using peer review, and not on the basis of peer review or on a basis of the peer review process. " " (e) cost sharing. --The secretary shall require, for research and Development activities carried out by industry under this period, a commitment from non-federal sources of at least 20 percent of the cost of the project. " sec. 6. demonstrations. section 105 (c). section 105 of the spark m. matsunaga hydrogen research, development, and demonstration act of 1990 is amended to read as follows: "sec. 5. demonstration act. " Sec. 5 (a) demonstrations. -the secretary, in consultation with the advisory board, shall make any necessary recommendations to the secretary on-- "(1) the implementation and conduct of programs and activities authorized under this act; and "(2) the secretary's authorities pursuant to this act. ". sec. 7. technology transfer. section 106 of the Spark m. matunaga fuel research, production, and demonstrate act of1990 is amended by inserting "non-commercial funding requirement.--" after " (a). sec. 5(a) information. " --the Secretary, in carrying out the program authorized by subsection (a), shall-- "( 1) undertake an update of the inventory and assessment, required under section 106 (b)(1) of this act as in effect before the date of the enactment of the robert s. walker and george e. brown, jr. hydrogen energy act of 2001, of hydrogen technologies and their commercial capability to economically produce, store, transport, or use hydrogen in foreign countries to increase the global market for the technologies and foster global economic development without harmful environmental effects. "(b) information exchange program. --(1) provide information and assessment of hydrogen production and storage, storage and use, which may consist of workshops, publications, conferences, and a database for the use by the public and private sectors; and"(3) foster the exchange of generic, nonproprietary hydrogen production. "(b)(2) information and use information and technology among industry, public andsection 109 of the spark m. matsunaga hydrogen research, development, and demonstration act of 1990 is amended to read as follows: "sec. 109. authorization of appropriations. " (a) research and development; advisory board. --there are authorized to be appropriated to the secretary to carry out sections 104 and 108-- "(1) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2002; "(2) $45,000 to $50,000 in the fiscal year 2003; "(3) $50.000,k for the fiscal years 2004; "(4) $55,000000, for fiscal years 2005; and "(5) $60,000.000 for Fiscal year 2006. " " (b) demonstration. -there are authorization to be authorized to carryout sections 104, 108, 106, 107, 106 and 108. --(1) "$20,000-000 for the financial year 2002. "(2" $25,000 the000 for a fiscal year 2001; "3) "30,000 (000 for $25)000,00 for fiscal Year 2003; "4) "35,000 $000 for financial year 2005; "(55) $35,00,000 of fiscal year 2006; "(6) $30,00 $10,000;000 for year 2004; "7) $20,0000,000 and "(8) $25" $10;000; for year 2006.". sec. 11. repeal. (a)( repeal. --title ii of the hydrogen future act of 1996 is repealed. (b)( conforming amendment. --section 2 of the fuel future act is repealed by striking "titles ii and iii" and inserting "title iii". 1996 is amended by striking ""titles iii and iii", and inserting a "title ii".</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.49120721220970154</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>14</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Mercury Health Advisory Act of 2003''. Findings.--Congress makes the following findings: Mercury is a persistent, bioaccumulative heavy metal that poses a significant risk to human health, wildlife, and the environment. Mercury discharges into the atmosphere and surface oceans have increased two-to-five fold since the beginning of the industrialized period due to human activities. Substantial evidence is accumulating that exposure to methyl-mercury is widespread in the general public and occurring at higher than health-based levels of concern according to the Food and Drug Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the World Health Organization. Fish and seafood caught or sold in the United States are contaminated with methyl-mercury, a toxic element that may cause neurological damage and other health-related problems as a result of fish or seafood consumption. According to the 1997 Environmental Protection Agency Mercury Report to Congress, mercury levels in the following fish, at least occasionally, exceeded the Food and Drug Administration's ``action level'' limit of 1 part per million: tilefish, king mackerel, shark, swordfish, tuna, lobster, red snapper, saltwater and freshwater bass, bluefish, bluegills, catfish, crappie, groupers, hake, halibut, northern pike, walleye, largemouth bass, pompano, snook, sunfish, and other finfish. The Food and Drug Administration advises pregnant women and women of childbearing age not to eat shark, king mackerel, tilefish, and swordfish and to limit consumption of all other fish to 12 ounces per week. The Food and Drug Administration advises other persons to limit their consumption of shark and swordfish to no more than 7 ounces per week. The Environmental Protection Agency recommends that women who are pregnant or who may become pregnant, nursing mothers, and young children limit fish consumption to 6 meals per week of cooked fish or an 8-ounce meal per week for uncooked fish for adults and 2 meals per week of cooked fish or a 3-ounce meal per week of uncooked fish for young children. In 2003, 44 States issued health advisories that warned the public about consuming mercury-tainted fish, as compared to 27 States that issued such advisories in 1993. Eleven States warn pregnant women and young children to limit consumption of canned tuna, the most consumed fish in the United States, to 1 or 2 cans per week and some States warn that the ``white'' albacore canned tuna has significantly higher mercury levels than the ``light'' tuna, based upon Food and Drug Administration testing. Data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey Centers indicates that 7.8 percent of women of childbearing age have blood mercury levels in their bodies above what is considered safe for the developing fetus, translating into over 300,000 babies born each year in the United States at risk of mercury poisoning. Between 30 percent and 50 percent of women of childbearing age are not aware of the methyl-mercury exposure risks from ingestion of mercury-contaminated fish, according to the Food and Drug Administration. A January 2001 report by the United States General Accounting Office criticized the Food and Drug Administration for not providing guidance to the fishing industry to identify and prevent fish contaminated with mercury from reaching consumers, even though the Agency's own testing found that, for example, over half of the swordfish exceeded its action level of one part per million . Evidence is continuing to emerge linking increased risk of coronary heart disease to mercury exposure, as presented in at least 2 peer reviewed studies. Health advisory information on mercury-contaminated fish, which is necessary to protect public health, is not widely known by the State or Federal Government. This lack of awareness potentially threatens tens of millions of Americans who may unknowingly ingest harmful amounts of mercury because they are not aware of exposure risks from consumption of freshwater fish and seafood. Purposes.--The purposes of this Act are to-- ensure that the public is adequately informed about the potential adverse effects of mercury exposure through the consumption of fish products; require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to work cooperatively with other Federal and State agencies, as well as nonprofit organizations, to create appropriate advisories for the distribution to the public of explanations of the potential adverse effects of mercury exposure from fish consumption; require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to work cooperatively with State fish and game officials to create an informative guide for distribution to the public about the dangers of the consumption of recreationally-caught fish; require the Food and Drug Administration to resume its seafood methyl-mercury monitoring program to better document mercury levels in various fish species sold in commerce; require the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in cooperation with private and public organizations, to design and implement a National Public Education Program regarding the presence of methyl-mercury in seafood and fish consumption advisories for methyl-mercury; and require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to annually prepare a report on the impacts of mercury on human health and the environment. In this Act: Administrator.--The term ``Administrator'' means the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Commissioner.--The term ``Commissioner'' means the Commissioner of Food and Drugs. Health professional.--The term ``health professional'' means any licensed professional in the dental and medical profession. Secretary.--The term ``Secretary'' means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. Consumer Mercury Advisory Notice.-- In general.--The Administrator and the Commissioner shall jointly develop fish consumption advisories for methyl- mercury in fish. Such advisories shall be based on the Environmental Protection Agency's Reference Dose for-- the general population; sensitive populations; and populations consuming above average amounts of fish. Consumer's notice.--The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator and the heads of State environmental agencies and health departments, shall prepare a consumer's mercury advisory notice. Such notice shall be distributed widely by the Secretary, at no cost, to health professionals, particularly medical offices that provide gynecological, obstetrical, or pediatric care, and to the extent practicable shall be made available and posted in the patient or client areas of all maternal and child health and nutrition program offices, and shall be made available to health care providers, Federal, State, and local government agencies, and the general public upon request. Criteria.--The advisories developed under this subsection shall-- explain, in an easily understandable manner, the dangers of mercury exposure through the consumption of mercury contaminated fish to women of childbearing age, women who expect to become pregnant, women who are pregnant or breast feeding their children, and young children and their parents; describe, in an easily understandable manner, in detail the most current mercury health advisories prepared by the Federal Government concerning fish consumption, contain the toll free number established under paragraph , and contain such other information as the Secretary determines appropriate; and be printed in large type in English, Spanish, and other languages determined by the Secretary to be culturally and linguistically appropriate. Toll-free telephone number.--The Secretary shall establish a toll-free telephone number to enable individuals to obtain additional information about the health advisories developed under this subsection concerning exposure to mercury from consumption of fish and seafood, as well as exposure from other sources. Updating of information.--The information provided under this subsection shall be updated periodically as determined necessary by the Secretary. Mercury Warning Consumer's Guide.-- In general.--The Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary, shall prepare a consumer's guide to mercury and health advisory for the consumption of recreationally-caught fish. Such guide shall be distributed, at no cost, to-- State departments of fisheries, wildlife, and environmental law enforcement; all applicants for a fishing license at the time the license is issued; and to public upon request. Criteria.--The guide developed under paragraph shall-- be printed in large type in English, Spanish, and other languages determined by the Secretary to be culturally and linguistically appropriate; contain the toll free telephone number established by the Environmental Protection Agency that residents may call for further information about the health advisories contained in the guide. Updating of information.--The guide developed under paragraph shall be updated periodically as determined necessary by the Secretary. Consumption Advisory.-- In general.--The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture and the Administrator, shall work with the States and other appropriate entities to-- develop and distribute regional and national advisories concerning the presence of methyl-mercury in seafood; develop standardized formats for written and broadcast advisories regarding methyl-mercury in seafood; develop and periodically upgrade information related to mercury fish tissue test results and fish consumption advisories for methyl-mercury; coordinate State and local advisories in the formation of the National Public Education Program under subsection ; and coordinate with that sector of the retail food industry that is engaged in the sale of any fresh, packaged, or frozen fish or seafood products intended for human consumption, concerning the posting of such advisories in their place of business where fish are sold to inform women of childbearing age, pregnant, and nursing women and the parents of young children on the potential dangers of mercury that is present in certain fish or seafood. Criteria.--The advisories and notices developed under paragraph shall include information both on limiting the consumption of certain high level fish and seafood to the general population and, for sensitive populations such as women of childbearing age and children, stress the importance of limiting consumption of frequently consumed fish that may exceed the Environmental Protection Agency's Reference Dose. Consumption advisory.-- In general.--Based on information compiled by the Environmental Protection Agency, the National Marine Fisheries Services, and the Food and Drug Administration, shall work with State health, fish and wildlife, and environmental agencies to develop and periodically update a consumption advisory for any fresh, packaged, or frozen fish or seafood products intended for human consumption for posting by retail food establishments and restaurants pursuant to this Act. The advisory shall provide information about the potential dangers from the ingestion of mercury from the consumption of fish and seafood by women of childbearing age, pregnant women, and young children and other at-risk groups as determined by the Department, including populations consuming above- average quantities of fish and seafood. Distribution.--The Secretary shall make copies of the advisory developed under subparagraph available to State boards of health or other State and local governmental entities that have the same authority as a State board of health for distribution to the public and to local retail food establishments and restaurants. Requirements.--The advisories and notices developed under this subsection shall be printed in large type in English, Spanish, and other languages determined by the Secretary to be culturally and linguistically appropriate. Public Education and Advisory System.-- Public education.--The Secretary, in consultation with public and nonprofit private entities (including cooperative extension services and appropriate State entities), shall design and implement a national public education program regarding the presence of methyl-mercury in seafood. Features.--The program developed under paragraph shall provide-- information to the public regarding-- Federal standards and good practice requirements relating to methyl-mercury in seafood; and the promotion of public awareness, understanding, and acceptance of such standards and requirements; information to health professionals so that health professionals may improve the diagnosis and treatment of mercury-related illness and advise individuals whose health conditions place those individuals at particular risk; and such other information or advice to consumers and other individuals as the Secretary determines will promote the purposes of this section. Sampling and Monitoring.-- In general.--The Commissioner shall resume the seafood methyl-mercury monitoring sampling program of the Food and Drug Administration to assist in documenting mercury levels in various fish species. Monitoring.--The sampling program described in paragraph shall be conducted so as to provide statistically valid monitoring data with respect to mercury levels in fish and seafood (including market-basket studies) including documenting the extent to which fish with mercury levels in excess of the action level are sold in commerce. Such information, along with information gathered by the Environmental Protection Agency, shall be compiled into an annual report by the Commissioner to track changes in dietary exposure to mercury from fish and seafood. Avoidance of duplication of effort.--To the extent practicable, the sampling program described in paragraph shall be consistent with, and shall be coordinated with, other seafood sampling programs that are in use, so as to avoid duplication of effort. Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall finalize the Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point assessment to determine whether or not methyl-mercury exposure through fish consumption is a public health hazard. Public Education and Advisory System.--There is authorized to be appropriated to develop and implement the public education and advisory system under section 3, $500,000 for each fiscal year. Sampling.--There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out sampling under section 3, $1,000,000 for each fiscal year. State Support.-- In general.--There is authorized to be appropriated to support the efforts of States to sample noncommercial fish and inland waterways for mercury and to produce State-specific health advisories related to mercury, $2,000,000 for each fiscal year. Equitable distribution.--The Administrator shall distribute amounts made available under paragraph equitably among the States through programs in existence on the date of enactment of this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "mercury health advisory act of 2003". sec. 2. findings and purposes. (a) findings. --congress makes the following findings: (1) mercury is a persistent, bioaccumulative heavy metal that poses a significant risk to human health, wildlife, and the environment. (2) mercury discharges into the atmosphere and surface oceans have increased two-to-five fold since the beginning of the industrialized period due to human activities. (3) substantial evidence is accumulating that exposure to mercury is widespread in the general public and occurring at higher than health-based levels of concern according to the food and drug administration, the environmental protection agency, the world health organization, the United States general accounting office (gao), and the world public health organization. (4) substantial information is accumulating about the health effects of mercury-contaminated fish and seafood in the united states. (5) according to a 1997 environmental protection agencies mercury report to congress, mercury levels in the following fish, at least occasionally, exceeded the "action level" limit of 1 part per million (ppm). (6) mercury concentrations in fish, fish, seafood, and other fish are considered safe for human consumption. (7) mercury levels of mercury in fish are at higher levels than the food, drug administration's "action levels" limit. (8) mercury concentration in fish is considered safe to humans, and to the environment as a result of human activities, including human activity. (9) the food administration recommends that women and men of childbearing age limit their consumption of mercury from mercury-tainted fish. (10) mercury consumption in the United states is at higher concentrations than the Food and Drug Administration's "activity level". (11) mercury in the water is at high levels. (12) mercury level in the waters are at high concentrations. (13) mercury mercury is at lower levels than other fish, including mercury in their bodies. (14) mercury exposure in the ocean is at highest levels. the food is aware of mercury poisoning. (15) mercury from fish is at low levels in their body. (16) mercury are at highest concentrations in the oceans. (17) mercury has been found in all other fish in the world. (18) mercury and other mercury is found in the environment because of human activity and to limit consumption of fish to 12 ounces per week. (19) mercury, king mackerel, shark, swordfishfreshwater fish and seafood. (b) purposes. --the purposes of this act are to-- (1) ensure that the public is adequately informed about the potential adverse effects of mercury exposure through the consumption of fish products; (2) require the secretary of health and human services to work cooperatively with other federal and state agencies, as well as nonprofit organizations, to create appropriate advisories for the distribution to the public of information about the dangers of mercury from fish consumption; (3) require that the administrator of the environmental protection agency to work collaboratively with state fish and game officials to create an informative guide for distribution to consumers about the hazards of the dangers from mercury from consumption of recreationally-caught fish; (4) demand the food and drug administration to resume its seafood methyl-mercury monitoring program to better document mercury levels in various fish species sold in commerce, and to design and implement a national public education program regarding the presence of mercury in seafood and fish consumption advisories; (5) require all other government officials to design, develop, and implement, a national health and environmental protection program regarding mercury in fish and fish products, and for the public to create a national education program about the presence and effects of methyl- mercury in mercury; and (6) require each government agency to develop, develop and implement its own mercury monitoring program; (7) require other government agencies to develop a national mercury management program; and, (8) required the secretary to design a national transportation program regarding methyl-cury in seafood; (9) require government agencies and public organizations to design or implement national public educational program regarding fish consumption. --(7) public education programs regarding mercury; (10) health and fish advisories. (6). --the administrator and the environmental safety agency to annually prepare a report on the impacts of mercury on human health and the environment. sec. 3. definitions. in this act: (1. administrator. -- the term "administrator" means the Administrator of the Environmental protection agency. (2" commissioner. --a term "commissioner" means a commissioner of food and drugs. (3" health professional. --The term "health professional" means any licensed professional in the dental and medical profession. (4" secretary. --asthe term "secretary" means one secretary of Health and human Services. sec, 4. advisory notices. (a) consumer mercury advisory notice. -- (1). in general. -- The administrator and a commissioner shall jointly develop fish consumption advisory-- (1) in general. --the administrator, in consultation with the secretary of agriculture and the administrator, shall prepare a consumer's guide to mercury and health advisory for the consumption of recreationally-caught fish. such guide shall be distributed, at no cost, to-- (a) state departments of fisheries, wildlife, and environmental law enforcement; (b) all applicants for a fishing license at the time the license is issued; and (c) to public upon request. (2) criteria. -- the guide developed under paragraph (1), shall-- (b)(a) be printed in large type in english, spanish, and other languages determined by the secretary to be culturally and linguistically appropriate; (c)(b) contain the toll free telephone number established by the environmental protection agency that residents may call for further information about the health advisories contained in the guide. (3) updating of information. --there shall be updated periodically as determined necessary by the Secretary. (c (1-2) consumption advisory. -- (1 (1). --the secretary of health, fish and wildlife, the administrator and the secretary, shall work with the states and other appropriate entities to develop and distribute regional and national advisories concerning the presence of methyl-mercury in seafood; (2-3) update of information and updating of the guide to the guide and updating to the secretary. (4) information and update periodically as the secretary and to the administrator. (5) criteria, and (6) health advisory. (1. --(1) and (d) --the Secretary, in collaboration with the assistant secretary of fisheries and the administration, shall cooperate with the secretaries of agriculture, fish, wildlife and the Administrator, shall coordinate state and local advisories; and— (e) distribute regionaland national advisory concerning the absence of methylmercuria in seafood. (b- develop standardized formats for written and broadcast advisories regarding methyl-cury; (a- develop and periodically upgrade information related to mercury fish tissue test results and fish consumption advisories for methyl-mcury to fish; and(d) coordinate with the national public education program under subsection (d)(1); and (e- coordinate with that sector of the retail food industry that is engaged in the sale of any fresh, packaged, or frozen fish or seafood products intended for human consumption, concerning the posting of such advisories in their place of business where fish are sold to inform women of childbearing age, pregnant, and nursing(2) features. --the program developed under paragraph (1) shall provide-- (a) information to the public regarding-- (i) federal standards and good practice requirements relating to methyl-mercury in seafood; and (ii) the promotion of public awareness, understanding, and acceptance of such standards and requirements; (b) information and advice to health professionals so that health professionals may improve the diagnosis and treatment of mercury-related illness and advise individuals whose health conditions place those individuals at particular risk; and— (c) such other information or advice to consumers and other individuals as the secretary determines will promote the purposes of this section. (e) sampling and monitoring. --(1) in general. -- the commissioner shall resume the seafood methyl-mcury monitoring sampling program of the food and drug administration to assist in documenting mercury levels in various fish species. (2) monitoring. —the sampling program described in subparagraph (1), shall be conducted so as to provide statistically valid monitoring data with respect to mercury levels and seafood (including market-basket studies) including documenting the extent to which fish with mercury levels of the action level are sold in commerce. such information, along with information gathered by the environmental protection agency, shall be compiled into an annual report by the commissioner to assist with documenting mercury content in various species. 1) sampling. --there is authorized to be conducted. --to the extent practicable, the sampling program used in paragraph (2, shallbe conducted soas to produce statistically valid and reliable monitoring data. --and shall be consistent with, and shall be coordinated with, other seafood sampling programs that are in use, so as as to avoid duplication of effort. sec. 5. haacp assessment. not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this act, the secretary shall finalize the hazard analysis and critical control point assessment to determine whether or not methyl-porcury exposure through fish consumption is a public health hazard. (3) avoidance of duplication of efforts. -- to the extent possible, the sampled program describedIn paragraph (a), the sampling programs described in section 3 (d), $500,000 for each fiscal year. (b). --there are authorized to carry out sampling programs in use. -- there is authorization to be in use to produce state-specific health advisories related to mercury, $2,000,000 in each fiscal years. (c). haacep assessment. -- (1 year after enactment of the act. --a) hazard analysis. --</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6966142654418945</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>15</ROW><BILL>"OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES. Contract Authority.--Notwithstanding any other law, the Secretary of Energy may enter into 1 or more long-term contracts for the procurement, from a facility located within 25 miles of a current or former Department of Energy defense nuclear facility, of products and services that are determined by the Secretary to be necessary to support waste cleanup and modernization activities at such facilities, including the following services and related products: Waste remediation and environmental restoration, including treatment, storage, and disposal. Technical services. Energy production. Utility services. Effluent treatment. General storage. Fabrication and maintenance. Research and testing. Contract Provisions.--A contract under subsection -- shall be for a term of not more than 30 years; shall include options for 2 10-year extensions of the contract; when nuclear or hazardous material is involved, shall include an agreement to-- provide indemnification pursuant to section 170d. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2210); indemnify, protect, and hold harmless the contractor from and against all liability, including liability for legal costs, relating to any preexisting conditions at any part of the defense nuclear facility managed under the contract; indemnify, protect, and hold harmless the contractor from and against all liability to third parties, including liability for legal costs, relating to claims for personal injury, illness, property damage, and consequential damages; and provide for indemnification of subcontractors as described in subparagraphs , , and ; shall permit the contractor (in accordance with Federal law) to obtain a patent for and use for commercial purposes a technology developed by the contractor in the performance of the contract; shall not provide for payment to the contractor of cost plus a percentage of cost or cost plus a fixed fee; and shall include such other terms and conditions as the Secretary of Energy considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. Preference for Local Residents.--In entering into contracts under subsection , the Secretary of Energy shall give preference, consistent with Federal, State, and local law, to entities that plan to hire, to the maximum extent practicable, residents of the vicinity of the Department of Energy defense nuclear facility concerned and to persons who have previously been employed by the Department of Energy or its private contractor at the facility. Subsequently Enacted Requirements.-- Definition.--In this subsection, the term ``applicable requirement'' means a requirement in an Act of Congress or regulation that applies specifically to activities described in subsection . Increased costs.-- In general.--A contractor under a contract under subsection shall be exempt from an applicable requirement that would increase the cost of performing the contract that is-- imposed by regulation by a Federal, State, or local governmental agency after the date on which the contract is entered into unless the regulation is issued under an Act of Congress described in the exception stated in clause ; or imposed by an Act of Congress enacted after the date of enactment of this Act, except an Act of Congress that refers to this paragraph and explicitly states that it is the intent of Congress to subject such a contractor to the requirement. Amendment of contract.--In the case of enactment of an Act of Congress described in the exception stated in subparagraph , the Secretary of Energy and the contractor shall negotiate an amendment to a contract under subsection providing full compensation to the contractor for the increased cost incurred in order to comply with any additional requirement of law. Reduced costs.-- In general.--A contractor under a contract under subsection may elect to be governed by a change in a requirement that would reduce the cost of performing the contract that is-- adopted by regulation by a Federal, State, or local governmental agency after the date on which the contract is entered into, unless the change is made pursuant to an Act of Congress that refers to this paragraph and explicitly states that it is the intent of Congress to continue to subject such a contractor to that requirement, as in effect prior to the date of enactment of that Act of Congress; or enacted by an Act of Congress enacted after the date of enactment of this Act, except an Act of Congress that refers to this paragraph and explicitly states that it is the intent of Congress to continue to subject such a contractor to that requirement, as in effect prior to the date of enactment of that Act of Congress. Amendment of contract.--In the case of a change in a requirement that is to be applied to a contractor that will reduce the cost of performing the contract, the Secretary of Energy and the contractor shall negotiate an amendment to a contract under subsection providing for a reduction in the amount of compensation to be paid to the contractor commensurate with the amount of any reduction in costs resulting from the change. Payment of Balance of Unamortized Costs.-- Definition.--In this subsection, the term ``special facility'' means land, a depreciable building, structure, or utility, or depreciable machinery, equipment, or material that is not supplied to a contractor by the Department of Energy. Contract term.--A contract under subsection may provide that if the contract is terminated for the convenience of the Government, the Secretary of Energy shall pay the unamortized balance of the cost of any special facility acquired or constructed by the contractor for performance of the contract. Source of funds.--The Secretary of Energy may make a payment under a contract term described in paragraph and pay any other costs assumed by the Secretary as a result of the termination out of any appropriations that are available to the Department of Energy for operating expenses for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs or for any subsequent fiscal year. Lease of Federally Owned Land.-- In general.--Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Energy may lease federally owned land at a current or former Department of Energy defense nuclear facility to a contractor in order to provide for or to facilitate the construction of a facility in connection with a contract under subsection . Term.--The term of a lease under this paragraph shall be the lesser of-- the expected useful life of the facility to be constructed; or the term of the contract. Terms and conditions.--A lease under paragraph shall-- require the contractor to pay rent in amounts that the Secretary of Energy considers to be appropriate; and include such other terms and conditions as the Secretary of Energy considers to be appropriate. Nuclear Standards.--The Secretary of Energy shall, whenever practicable, consider applying commercial nuclear standards to a facility used in the performance of a contract under subsection . Limitation on Liability.-- Definitions.--In this subsection, the terms ``hazardous substance'', ``pollutant or contaminant'', ``release'', and ``response'' have the meanings stated in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601). In general.--A contractor under a contract under subsection or a subcontractor of the contractor shall not be liable under Federal, State, or local law for any injury, cost, damage, expense, or other relief on a claim by any person for death, personal injury, illness, loss of or damage to property, or economic loss caused by a release or threatened release of a hazardous substance or pollutant or contaminant during performance of the contract unless the release or threatened release is caused by conduct of the contractor or subcontractor that is negligent or that constitutes intentional misconduct. Repose.--No action (including an action for contribution or indemnity) to recover for damage to real or personal property, economic loss, personal injury, illness, death, or other expense or cost arising out of the performance under this section of a response action under a contract under subsection may be brought against the contractor (or subcontractor of the contractor) under Federal, State, or local law after the date that is 6 years after the date of substantial completion of the response action. LOCAL RESIDENTS. Definition.--In this section, the term ``qualifying Department of Energy site'' means a site that contains at least 1 current or former Department of Energy defense nuclear facility for which the Secretary of Energy is required by section 3161 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (42 U.S.C. 7274h) to develop a plan for restructuring the work force. Preference.--In entering into a contract with a private entity for products to be acquired or services to be performed at a qualifying Department of Energy site, the Secretary of Energy and contractors under the Secretary's supervision shall, to the maximum extent practicable, give preference to an entity that is otherwise qualified and within the competitive range (as determined under section 15.609 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations, or a successor regulation, as in effect on the date of the determination) that plans to-- provide products and services originating from communities within 25 miles of the site; hire residents living in the vicinity of the site, especially dislocated site workers, to perform the contract; and invest in value-added activities in the vicinity of the site to mitigate adverse economic development impacts resulting from closure or restructuring of the site. Applicability.--Preference shall be given under subsection only with respect to a contract for an environmental management and restoration activity that is entered into after the date of enactment of this Act. Termination.--This section shall expire on September 30, 1999."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. privatization of waste cleanup and modernization activities of defense nuclear facilities. (a) contract authority. --notwithstanding any other law, the secretary of energy may enter into 1 or more long-term contracts for the procurement, from a facility located within 25 miles of a current or former department of energy defense nuclear facility, of products and services that are determined by the secretary to be necessary to support waste cleanup or modernization activities at such facilities, including the following services and related products: (1) waste remediation and environmental restoration, including treatment, storage, and disposal. (2) technical services. (3) energy production. (4) utility services. "5) effluent treatment. (6) general storage. (7) fabrication and maintenance. (8) research and testing. (b) research, testing. --a contractor under a contract. (c) contracts under subsection (a). --a contract with the Secretary of Energy shall be for a term of not more than 30 years; (2-year extensions of the contract; (3). (4-year extension of the contracts; (5) when nuclear or hazardous material is involved, shall include an agreement to provide indemnification pursuant to section 170d. of the atomic energy act of 1954 (42 u.s.c. 2210 (d)); (a)(a) indemnify, protect, and hold harmless the contractor from and against all liability, including liability for legal costs, relating to any preexisting conditions at any part of the nuclear facility managed under the contract, and (b)(3) for 2 10-year or extensions of any contract; and (c)(3). --in entering into contracts under the contracts, shall provide for indemnification of subcontractors as described in section 170(a) of the Atomic energy act, 1954 (41 u.a.c., 2210, and 2210-d), (b), indemnify (a), protect, hold harmless (b, indemnify) from all liability to third parties, including negligence for legal claims, relating thereto, relatingto claims for personal injury, illness, property damage, and consequential damages; (d) provide for the indemnification and hold liable for all liability of subcontractor as describedIn subparagraphs (a-b), (c), and (d); (4 (a); (b). permit the contractor (in accordance with federal law) to obtain a patent for and use for commercial purposes a technology developed by the contractor in the performance of theunder subsection (a) may elect to be governed by a change in a requirement that would reduce the cost of performing the contract that is-- (i) adopted by regulation by a federal, state, or local governmental agency after the date on which the contract is entered into, unless the change is made pursuant to an act of congress that refers to this paragraph and explicitly states that it is the intent of congress to continue to subject such a contractor to that requirement, as in effect prior to the date of enactment of that Act of congress; or (ii) enacted by an actof congress enacted after the period of enactment. --(i) enacted after a change of the contract. --in the case of a change to the requirement that is to be applied to a contractor that will reduce the amount of compensation to be paid to the contractor, the secretary of energy and the contractor shall negotiate an amendment to a contract under subsection (b). --in this subsection, the Secretary of energy may negotiate an amended to a Contract under subsection(a) providing for a reduction in the amount and the amount that will be paid. --a contract under subparagraph (a). --the Secretary of Energy and the contractors shall negotiate a reduction of compensation. (b) amendment of contract. (c) change in the requirement. --the secretary of Energy may negotiate for a modification of a requirement. (d) change of requirement that will increase the cost. --d) amendment to contract. -in the event of a rule that is not to be changed to a requirement or the change to a rule, the secretaries of energy or the contractor may negotiate a change. (e) amendment. --as in this subsection. (1) amendment in a provision of law. --c) term. --e) term in a clause. --when the term "special facility" means land, a depreciable building, structure, or utility, or depreciables machinery, equipment, or material that is or supplied to a contractors by the department of energy. (2) contract term. -a contract with subsection (1), may provide that if the contract was terminated for the convenience of the government, the general manager of energy shall make a payment under a contract term described in paragraph (2). --a payment under this paragraph shall be the unamortized balance of the cost that the contractor commensurate with the value of any reduction in costs resulting from the change. or (3) payment of balance of un amortized costs. -- (1).property, or economic loss caused by a release or threatened release of a hazardous substance or pollutant or contaminant during performance of the contract unless the release or threatening release is caused by conduct of the contractor or subcontractor that is negligent or that constitutes intentional misconduct. (3) repose. --no action (including an action for contribution or indemnity) to recover for damage to real or personal property, economic loss, personal injury, illness, death, or other expense or cost arising out of the performance under this section of a response action under a contract under subsection (a) may be brought against the contractor (or subcontractor of the contractors) under federal, state, or local law after the date that is 6 years after the completion of the response action. sec. 2. preference and economic diversification for communities and local residents. (a)(a) definition. --in this section, the term "qualifying department of energy site" means a site that contains at least 1 current or former Department of energy defense nuclear facility for which the secretary of energy is required by section 3161 of the national defense authorization act for fiscal year 1993 (42 u.s.c. 7274h) to develop a plan for restructuring the work force. (b) preference. -- in entering into a contract with a private entity for products to be acquired or services to be performed at a qualifying department of Energy site, the terms "qualifier department ofenergy site" mean a site or site that is otherwise qualified and within the competitive range (as determined under section 15.609 of the federal defense authorization bill for the fiscal year 1994 (42 o.s.,c. 8274h, or a successor regulation, as in effect on the date of the determination) that plans to-- (1) provide products and services originating from communities within 25 miles of the site; (2) hire residents living in the vicinity of the Site, especially dislocated site workers, to perform the contract; and (3" invest in value-added activities in the near to the site to mitigate adverse economic development impacts resulting from closure or restructuring of this site. (d) applicability. --preference shall be given under subsection "b) only with respect to an entity that is reasonably qualified or within the Competitive range (As determined under category 15.201 of title 48, code of federal regulations, or an successor regulation) that has plans to– (1" provide products or services originating with communities within 75 miles of a site; “2)</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.61739182472229</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>16</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Health Care Fraud Prevention and Paperwork Reduction Act of 2000''. Establishment.--There is hereby established the Commission on Billing Codes and Forms Simplification (in this section referred to as the ``Commission''). Duties.--The Commission shall make recommendations regarding the following: Standardized forms.--Standardizing credentialing and billing forms respecting health care claims, that all Federal Government agencies would use and that the private sector is able (and is encouraged, but not required) to use. Reduction in billing codes.--A significant reduction and simplification in the number of billing codes. Membership.-- Number and appointment.--The Commission shall be composed of such members as the Comptroller General of the United States shall appoint. Qualifications.--The membership of the Commission shall include individuals who are members of the medical community. Incorporation of MedPAC Provisions.--The provisions of paragraphs through of subsection and subsections through of section 1805 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395b-6) shall apply to the Commission in the same manner as they apply to the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission. Reports.--The Commission shall submit to Congress and the President such periodic reports on its recommendations as it deems appropriate. PROGRAM PAYMENTS. Written Requests.-- In general.--The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall establish a process under which a physician may request, in writing from a carrier, assistance in addressing questionable codes and procedures under the medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act and then the carrier shall respond in writing within 30 business days respond with the correct billing or procedural answer. Use of written statement.-- In general.--Subject to subparagraph , a written statement under paragraph may be used as proof against a future audit or overpayment under the medicare program. Limit on application.--Subparagraph shall not apply retroactively and shall not apply to cases of fraudulent billing. Restoration of Toll-Free Hotline.-- In general.--The Administrator of the Health Care Financing Administration shall restore the toll-free telephone hotline so that physicians may call for information and questions about the medicare program. Authorization of appropriations.--There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out paragraph . Definitions.--For purposes of this section: Physician.--The term ``physician'' has the meaning given such term in section 1861of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x). Carrier.--The term ``carrier'' means a carrier (as defined in section 1842of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395u)) with a contract under title XVIII of such Act to administer benefits under part B of such title. PROGRAM. In General.--HCFA may not implement any new evaluation and management guidelines (in this section referred to as ``E&M guidelines'') under the medicare program, unless HCFA-- has provided for an assessment of the proposed guidelines by physicians; has established a plan that contains specific goals, including a schedule, for improving participation of physicians; has carried out a minimum of 4 pilot projects consistent with subsection in at least 4 different HCFA regions (to be specified by the Secretary) to test such guidelines; and finds that the objectives described in subsection will be met in the implementation of such guidelines. Pilot Projects.-- Length and consultation.--Each pilot project under this subsection shall-- be of sufficient length to allow for preparatory physician and carrier education, analysis, and use and assessment of potential E&M guidelines; and be conducted, throughout the planning and operational stages of the project, in consultation with national and State medical societies. Peer review and rural pilot projects.--Of the pilot projects conducted under this subsection-- at least one shall focus on a peer review method by physicians which evaluates medical record information for statistical outlier services relative to definitions and guidelines published in the CPT book, instead of an approach using the review of randomly selected medical records using non-clinical personnel; and at least one shall be conducted for services furnished in a rural area. Study of impact.--Each pilot project shall examine the effect of the E&M guidelines on-- different types of physician practices, such as large and small groups; and the costs of compliance, and patient and physician satisfaction. Report on how met objectives.--HCFA shall submit a report to the Committees on Commerce and Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Finance of the Senate, and the Practicing Physicians Advisory Council, six months after the conclusion of the pilot projects. Such report shall include the extent to which the pilot projects met the objectives specified in subsection . Objectives for E&M Guidelines.--The objectives for E&M guidelines specified in this subsection are as follows (relative to the E&M guidelines and review policies in effect as of the date of the enactment of this Act): Enhancing clinically relevant documentation needed to accurately code and assess coding levels accurately. Reducing administrative burdens. Decreasing the level of non-clinically pertinent and burdensome documentation time and content in the record. Increased accuracy by carrier reviewers. Education of both physicians and reviewers. Appropriate use of E&M codes by physicians and their staffs. The extent to which the tested E&M documentation guidelines substantially adhere to the CPT coding rules. Definitions.--For purposes of this section and sections 5 and 6: Physician.--The term ``physician'' has the meaning given such term in section 1861of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x). Carrier.--The term ``carrier'' means a carrier (as defined in section 1842of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395u)) with a contract under title XVIII of such Act to administer benefits under part B of such title. Secretary.--The term ``Secretary'' means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. HCFA.--The term ``HCFA'' means the Health Care Financing Administration. Medicare program.--The term ``medicare program'' means the program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act. Individualized Notice.--If a carrier proceeds with a post- payment audit of a physician under the medicare program, the carrier shall provide the physician with an individualized notice of billing problems, such as a personal visit or carrier-to-physician telephone conversation during normal working hours, within 3 months of initiating such audit. The notice should include suggestions to the physician on how the billing problem may be remedied. Repayment of Overpayments Without Penalty.--The Secretary shall permit physicians to repay medicare overpayments within 3 months without penalty or interest and without threat of denial of other claims based upon extrapolation. If a physician should discover an overpayment before a carrier notifies the physician of the error, the physician may reimburse the medicare program without penalty and the Secretary may not audit or target the physician on the basis of such repayment, unless other evidence of fraudulent billing exists. Treatment of First-Time Billing Errors.--If a physician's medicare billing error was a first-time error and the physician has not previously been the subject of a post-payment audit, the carrier may not assess a fine through extrapolation of such an error to other claims, unless the physician has submitted a fraudulent claim. Timely Notice of Problem Claims Before Using Extrapolation.--A carrier may seek reimbursement or penalties against a physician based on extrapolation of a medicare claim only if the carrier has informed the physician of potential problems with the claim within one year after the date the claim was submitted for reimbursement. Submission of Additional Information.--A physician may submit additional information and documentation to dispute a carrier's charges of overpayment without waiving the physician's right to a hearing by an administrative law judge. Limitation on Delay in Payment.--Following a post-payment audit, a carrier that is conducting a pre-payment screen on a physician service under the medicare program may not delay reimbursements for more than one month and as soon as the physician submits a corrected claim, the carrier shall eliminate application of such a pre-payment screen. If a physician is suspected of fraud or wrongdoing in the medicare program, inspectors associated with the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services-- may not enter the physician's private office with a gun or deadly weapon to make an arrest; and may not make such an arrest without a valid warrant of arrest, unless the physician is fleeing or deemed dangerous."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "health care fraud prevention and paperwork reduction act of 2000". sec. 2. federal commission on billing codes and forms simplification. (a) establishment. --the secretary of health and human services shall establish a commission on the billing codes. --there is hereby established the commission, which shall make recommendations regarding the number of billing codes (in this section referred to as "commission"). (b) duties. -- (1) duties, which are to be made by the secretary of the secretary. (2) commission members. (b). --the commission shall be composed of such members as the comptroller general of the united states shall appoint. (c) standardized forms. --standardizing credentialing and billing forms respecting health care claims, that all federal government agencies would use and that the private sector is able (and is encouraged, but not required) to use. (d) reduction in billing codes, including simplification in the number and simplification of the number. --a significant reduction in the amount of billing code. (e) membership. -- the commission shall consist of individuals who are members of the medical community. (f) membership of the commission. (g) number and appointment. --so the commission may be composed as the Comptroller general, the united States shall appoint, and the president shall appoint as the member of the executive branch of the federal government. (h) qualifications. --hcfa membership. (i) membership and membership of medpac provisions. --d) incorporation of Medpac provisions into the medicare payment advisory commission. sec. 3. provisions of paragraphs (3) through (6) of subsection (c). --there are provisions of subsections (c and subsections (d)(d) through af) of section 1805 of the social security act (42 u.s.c. 1395b-6) shall apply to the commission in the same manner as they apply to other medicare payments advisory commission and such recommendations as they are made to congress and the vice president. --subject to subparagraph (b), a commission shall submit to congress as it deems appropriate. --subparagraph (a). --a) written requests. --(1) in general. --as the secretary is authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out paragraph (1). (c. --in writing from a carrier. --this process under which a physician may request, in writing from the carrier, assistance in(b) pilot projects. -- (1) length and consultation. --each pilot project under this subsection shall-- (a) be of sufficient length to allow for preparatory physician and carrier education, analysis, and use and assessment of potential e&m guidelines; and (b) be conducted, throughout the planning and operational stages of the project, in consultation with national and state medical societies. (2) peer review and rural pilot projects, including the pilot projects conducted under this section. --hcfa shall conduct a peer review method by physicians which evaluates medical record information for statistical outlier services relative to definitions and guidelines published in the cpt book, instead of an approach using the review of randomly selected medical records using non-clinical personnel; and at least one shall be conducted for services furnished in a rural area. (3) study of impact. --the pilot projects shall examine the effect of the e& m guidelines on-- (1. --a) different types of physician practices, such as large and small groups; (2). --the study of the impact of the E&m standards on the patient and physician satisfaction. (4) report on how met objectives. (5) study on the effect on the use and use of e &m guidelines. --(a) the use, use, and impact of e&M guidelines. (6) the study of cost of compliance. (7) the costs of compliance, and patient and patient satisfaction. --c) report to the committees on commerce and ways and means of the house of representatives, the committee on finance of the senate, and the practicing physicians advisory council. such report shall include the extent to which the pilot project met the objectives specified in subsection (c). (c) objectives for e&me guidelines. -the objectives for E&M standards specified in this subsection are as follows (relative to the e-m guidelines and review policies in effect as of the date of the enactment of this act): (1)(a) enhancing clinically relevant documentation needed to accurately code and assess coding levels accurately. (1-2) improving the level of non-clinically pertinent and burdensome documentation time and content in the record. (B) appropriate use of the tested e&mis documentation guidelines substantially adhere to cpt coding rules. (b). (3-e&m documentation guidelines specified in cpt codes. --e-cpt coding standards. (d) e-coding standards. --as defined in section 1842 (f)(c) treatment of first-time billing errors. --if a physician's medicare billing error was a first--time error and the physician has not previously been the subject of a post-payment audit, the carrier may not assess a fine through extrapolation of such an error to other claims, unless the physician had submitted a fraudulent claim. (d) timely notice of problem claims before using extrapolation. --a carrier may seek reimbursement or penalties against a physician based on extrapolated of a medicare claim only if the carrier has informed the physician of potential problems with the claim within one year after the date the claim was submitted for reimbursement. (e) submission of additional information and documentation to dispute a carrier's charges of overpayment without waiving the physician's right to a hearing by an administrative law judge. (f) limitation on delay in payment. --following a pre-payment audits, a carrier that is conducting a pre -payment screen on a physician service under the medicare program may not delay reimbursements for more than one month and as soon as the physician submits a corrected claim, the physician shall eliminate application of such a pre‐payment screen. sec. 6. enforcement provisions under the Medicare program. if a physician is suspected of fraud or wrongdoing in the medicARE program, inspectors associated with the office of inspector general of the department of health and human services-- (1) may not enter the physician service. --after a pre (payment screen) may be conducted on the physician, unless a physician has a valid warrant of arrest. --and (2) may enter the doctor's private office with a gun or deadly weapon to make an arrest; and (3) may make such an arrest without a valid search warrant of the physician is fleeing or deemed dangerous. arrest, unless there is a valid arrest.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6221889853477478</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>17</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``State Innovation Pilot Act of 2011''. The purposes of this Act are-- to support State, local, and tribal leadership and innovation in preparing all students to meet State-developed college and career ready academic content standards and student academic achievement standards, by establishing a process to permit State, local, and tribal educational leaders to implement alternative and innovative strategies to improve student academic achievement and otherwise meet the purposes of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); and to direct the Secretary of Education to defer to State, local, and tribal judgments regarding how best to accomplish the purposes of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. Section 9401 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7861) is amended-- by striking subsection and inserting the following: ``In General.-- ``Request for waiver.--A State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe that receives funds under a program authorized under this Act may submit a request to the Secretary to waive any statutory or regulatory requirement of this Act. ``Receipt of waiver.--Except as provided in subsection , the Secretary shall waive any statutory or regulatory requirement of this Act for a State educational agency, local educational agency, Indian tribe, or school (through a local educational agency), that submits a waiver request pursuant to this subsection.''; in subsection -- in paragraph -- in the matter preceding subparagraph , by inserting ``, which shall include a plan'' after ``waiver request to the Secretary''; in subparagraph , by striking ``and how the waiving of those requirements will'' and all that follows through the end, and inserting a semicolon; by redesignating subparagraph as subparagraph ; and by striking subparagraphs and , and inserting the following: ``reasonably demonstrates that the waiver will improve instruction for students, advance student academic achievement, and contribute to student mastery of knowledge and skills, consistent with the State's college and career ready academic content standards and student academic achievement standards; ``describes the methods the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe will use to-- ``monitor the effectiveness of the implementation of the plan; and ``assure regular evaluation and continuous improvement of the plan; ``as applicable to the waiver request-- ``describes the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe's process for making valid and meaningful accountability determinations, based on student academic achievement, to review the success of schools and local educational agencies or Indian tribes in implementing the State's college and career ready academic content standards and student academic achievement standards; ``describes the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe's process for accurately and meaningfully identifying, supporting, and intervening in underperforming schools, consistent with applicable State or local policy; and ``includes information on how the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe will maintain and improve transparency in reporting to parents and the public on student achievement and school performance, including the achievement of students according to the student subgroups described in subclauses through of section 1111; and''; in paragraph , by striking ``(on behalf of, and based on the requests of, local educational agencies)'' and inserting ``(on their own behalf, or on behalf of, and based on the requests of, local educational agencies in the State)''; in paragraph , in the matter preceding clause , by inserting ``or on behalf of local educational agencies in the State,'' after ``acting on its own behalf,''; and by adding at the end the following: ``Peer review.-- ``Peer review team.-- ``In general.--The Secretary shall establish multi-disciplinary peer review teams and appoint members to such teams, including persons who have experience with a State educational agency (or local educational agency or Indian tribe, as appropriate) and broader education reform experience, to review waiver requests under this section if-- ``the Secretary requests such input in order to approve a waiver request; or ``the Secretary intends to disapprove a request. ``Team in place for all waiver requests.--The Secretary may, at the Secretary's discretion, have a peer review team review all waiver requests submitted under this section. ``Applicability.--The Secretary may approve a waiver request under this section without conducting a peer review of the request, but shall use the peer review process under this paragraph before disapproving such a request. ``Purpose of peer review.--The peer review process shall be designed to-- ``promote effective implementation of State-developed college and career ready academic content standards and student academic achievement standards, through State and local innovation; and ``provide transparent feedback to State educational agencies, local educational agencies, or Indian tribes, designed to strengthen the applicant's plan described under paragraph . ``Standard and nature of review.--Peer reviewers shall conduct a good faith review of waiver requests submitted to them under this section. Peer reviewers shall review such waiver requests-- ``in their totality; ``in deference to State and local judgment; and ``with the goal of promoting State- and local-led innovation. ``Waiver determination, demonstration, and revision.-- ``In general.--The Secretary shall approve a waiver request not more than 90 days after the date on which such request is submitted, unless the Secretary determines and demonstrates that-- ``the waiver request does not meet the requirements of this section; ``the waiver is not permitted under subsection ; ``the plan that is required under paragraph , and reviewed with deference to State and local judgment, provides no reasonable basis to determine that a waiver will enhance student academic achievement; or ``the waiver request does not provide for adequate evaluation to ensure review and continuous improvement of the plan, consistent with paragraph . ``Waiver determination and revision.--If the Secretary determines and demonstrates that the waiver request does not meet the requirements of this section, the Secretary shall-- ``immediately-- ``notify the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe of such determination; and ``at the request of the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe, provide detailed reasons for such determination in writing; ``offer the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe an opportunity to revise and resubmit the waiver request not more than 60 days after the date of such determination; and ``if the Secretary determines that the resubmission does not meet the requirements of this section, at the request of the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe, conduct a public hearing not more than 30 days after the date of such resubmission. ``Waiver disapproval.--The Secretary may disapprove a waiver request if-- ``the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe has been notified and offered an opportunity to revise and resubmit the waiver request, as described under clauses and of subparagraph ; and ``the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe-- ``does not revise and resubmit the waiver request; or ``revises and resubmits the waiver request, and the Secretary determines that such waiver request does not meet the requirements of this section after a hearing conducted under subparagraph . ``External conditions.--The Secretary shall not disapprove a waiver request under this section based on conditions outside the scope of the waiver request.''; in subsection -- in the heading, by adding ``; Limitations'' after ``Duration and Extension of Waiver''; and by adding at the end the following: ``Specific limitations.--The Secretary shall not require a State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe, as a condition of approval of a waiver request, to-- ``include in, or delete from, such request, specific academic content standards or academic achievement standards; ``use specific academic assessment instruments or items; or ``include in, or delete from, such waiver request any criterion that specifies, defines, or prescribes the standards or measures that a State or local educational agency uses to establish, implement, or improve-- ``State academic content standards or academic achievement standards; ``assessments; ``State accountability systems; ``systems that measure student growth; ``measures of other academic indicators; or ``teacher and principal evaluation systems.''; in subsection -- in paragraph -- by striking the heading and inserting ``Waiver reports''; in the matter preceding subparagraph -- by striking ``local educational agency that receives'' and inserting ``State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe that receives''; and by striking ``submit a report to the State educational agency that'' and inserting ``submit a report to the Secretary that''; by striking paragraphs and ; by redesignating paragraph as paragraph ; and in paragraph , (as redesignated by subparagraph ), by striking ``Beginning in fiscal year 2002 and for each subsequent year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee'' and inserting ``The Secretary shall annually submit to the Committee''; and in subsection , by inserting ``and the recipient of the waiver has failed to make revisions needed to carry out the purpose of the waiver,'' after ``has been inadequate to justify a continuation of the waiver''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "state innovation pilot act of 2011". sec. 2. purposes. the purposes of this act are-- (1) to support state, local, and tribal leadership and innovation in preparing all students to meet state-developed college and career ready academic content standards and student academic achievement standards, by establishing a process to permit state, Local, and Tribal educational leaders to implement alternative and innovative strategies to improve student academic performance and otherwise meet the purposes and requirements of the elementary and secondary education act of 1965 (20 u.s.c. 6301 et seq. ); and (2) to direct the secretary of education to defer to state,local, and local educational leaders the decision regarding how best to accomplish the purposes, and to direct them to defer the decision of the secretary to the state to the states and local, or indian tribes to implement alternatives to the purposes. sec. 3. waivers of statutory and regulatory requirements. section 9401 of the primary and secondary school act of 1964 (20 U.s.,c. 7861) is amended-- (2)(a) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: " (a)(1) request for waiver. --a state educational agency, local educational agency or Indian tribe that receives funds under a program authorized under this act, may submit a request to the Secretary to waive any statutory or regulatory requirement of the act. "(2) receipt of waiver. -except as provided in subsection (c), the secretary shall waive any statute or regulatory requirements of this Act for a state educational agent, local Educational agency, indian tribe, or school (through a local educational institution), that submits a waiver request pursuant to this subsection. "; (2" request for waivers. -a state Educational agency or local educational director, or an indian tribal that receives a request for waiving of the statutory or regulation requirement. --the secretary to waive any statutory nor regulatory requirement. " (3) request to waive. --except as required in subsection, the secretary may waive any regulatory requirement, the Secretary shall waiving any statutory (c) and the waiver will improve instruction for students, advance student achievement, and contribute to student mastery of knowledge and skills, consistent with the state's college and Career ready academic achievement, consistent as the state educational program; " (d) in paragraph (b)-- (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (a), by inserting ", which shall include a plan" afterbehalf of, or based on the requests of, local educational agencies)" and inserting "(on their own behalf, or on behalf of, and based on, local Educational agencies in the state)"; (c) in paragraph (3) (a), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting "or on behalf, and on the behalf of local educational institutions in the State," after "acting on its own behalf,"; and (d) by adding at the end the following: "(4) peer review. -- " (a) peer reviewed team. -- (a (i) in general. --the secretary shall establish multi-disciplinary peer review teams and appoint members to such teams, including persons who have experience with a state educational agency (or local educational agency or indian tribe, as appropriate) and broader education reform experience, to review waiver requests under this section. --(i) the secretary requests such input in order to approve a waiver request; or " (ii) the Secretary intends to disapprove a request. " (iii) review team in place for all waiver requests. -- the secretary may, at the secretary's discretion, have a peer review team review all waivers requests submitted under this Section. " " (b) applicability. --there may, in the secretary’s discretion, review waiver request under this paragraph if-- " (i" the secretary wishes such input. --The secretary intends to approve the waiver request. --or " (II) the secretaries intends to disapproving a request, but shall use the peer review process under this subparagraph before approving a request in the absence of a waiver. -- "(ii) review process in place. --a review process shall be designed to-- (i)(a) promote effective implementation of state-developed college and career ready academic content standards and student academic achievement standards, through state and local-led innovation; and " (iv) provide transparent feedback to state educational agencies, local education agencies, and indian tribes, designed to strengthen the applicant's plan described under paragraph (1) (c). " (v) standard and nature of review. -peer reviewers shall conduct a good faith review of waiver requests submitted to them under this subsection. --and " (e) with the goal of promoting state- and local, and the purpose of the goal to-- "a) provide state-and local-based innovation. --authority to provide transparency feedback to the applicant. --in the applicant will provide transparent and continuous improvement of the plan, designed(iii) if the secretary determines that the resubmission does not meet the requirements of this section, at the request of the state educational agency or local educational agency, or indian tribe, conduct a public hearing not more than 30 days after the date of such resubmissions. " (c) waiver disapproval. --the secretary may disapprove a waiver request if-- " (i) the state Educational agency, local educational Agency, or Indian tribe has been notified and offered an opportunity to revise and resubmit the waiver request, as described under clauses (i" and (ii) of subparagraph (b); and " (iii) the secretary shall not revise and reubmit this waiver request. "; (i, the secretary may not revise the waiver requests if-- (i), the secretary is notified and offers an opportunity for the secretary to revise the waivers request; or " (ii, if the Secretary determines that such waiver request does not exceed the requirements and offered a hearing conducted under subparagraph (a) (iii). " (d) external conditions. --The secretary shall do not disapprove of waiver request under this section based on conditions outside the scope of the waiver claim. ", (3) in subsection (d)-- (a), in the heading, by adding "; limitations" after "duration and extension of waiver"; and (b) by adding at the end the following: "(3) specific limitations. --a secretary shall approve a waiver application under the requirement of approval of a waiver, as a condition of the approval of the waiver request, to-- " " (a" include in, or delete from, such request, specific academic content standards or academic achievement standards; " (ab) use specific academic assessment instruments or items; or (c, by add "; limitation" after (duration and Extension of waiver); and (2) by add at the beginning the following:" "(3" specific limitations". --the Secretary shall not require a state educational agent, local education agency, and indian tribes, or any other academic indicators; " " condition of approved of a wa request, or a condition that a condition is satisfied of such request; "(a) include in (b- use specific Academic content standards and academic achievement Standards; " use specific technical instruments or item; or “ (c(d) use any criterion that specifies, defines, or prescribes the standards or measures that a state or local Educational agency uses to establish, implement, or improve-- " thati) state</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6700587868690491</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>18</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``No Second Chances for Murderers, Rapists, or Child Molesters Act of 1998''. It is the sense of Congress that-- any individual convicted of murder should receive the death penalty or be imprisoned for life without the possibility of parole; and any individual convicted of rape or a dangerous sexual offense involving a child under the age of 14 should be imprisoned for life without the possibility of parole. Penalty.-- In general.--In a case in which a State convicts a person of murder, rape, or a dangerous sexual offense, who has a prior conviction for one of these offenses in another State, the Attorney General shall administer the transfer of the following amounts from Federal law enforcement assistance funds of the State that convicted such person of the first offense: Up to $100,000 shall be transferred to each victim (or if the victim is deceased, the victim's estate) of the subsequent offense. The cost of incarceration, prosecution, and apprehension of such person shall be transferred to the State that convicted of a subsequent offense. Half of the amounts transferred shall be paid to the State entity designated to administer crime victim assistance, and half shall be deposited in a State account that collects Federal law enforcement funds. Multiple states.--In a case in which a State convicts a person of murder, rape, or a dangerous sexual offense, who has a prior conviction for one of these offenses in more than one State, the Attorney General shall administer the transfer of the following amounts from Federal law enforcement assistance funds of each State that convicted of a prior offense: Up to $100,000 shall be apportioned equally among the States that convicted of prior offenses and transferred to each victim (or if the victim is deceased, the victim's estate) of the subsequent offense. The cost of incarceration, prosecution, and apprehension of such person shall be apportioned equally among the States that convicted of prior offenses and transferred to the State that convicted of a subsequent offense. Half of the amounts transferred shall be paid to the State entity designated to administer crime victim assistance, and half shall be deposited in a State account that collects Federal law enforcement funds. State Applications.--To receive funds under this section, the chief executive of a State shall submit an application to the Attorney General in such form and containing such information as the Attorney General may reasonably require, including a certification that the State has convicted a person of murder, rape, or a dangerous sexual offense, who has a prior conviction for one of these offenses in another State. Source of Funds.--Any amount transferred as a result of subsection shall be derived by reducing funds from Federal law enforcement assistance programs received by the State that convicted of the first offense. The Attorney General, in consultation with the chief executive of the State that convicted of the first offense, shall develop a payment schedule. Construction.--This section shall not be construed to diminish or modify any court ordered restitution. The United States Sentencing Commission shall amend the Federal Sentencing Guidelines to provide that-- whoever is guilty of murder, as defined in section 6 of this Act, shall be punished by death or by imprisonment for life; and whoever is guilty of rape or a dangerous sexual offense, as defined in section 6 of this Act, shall be punished by imprisonment for life. Pursuant to guidelines established in the Uniform Federal Crime Reporting Act of 1988 (Public Law 100-690), the Attorney General shall collect and distribute data to the President, Members of the Congress, State governments, and officials of localities and penal and other institutions participating in the Uniform Crime Reports program which includes-- the number of murders, rapes, and dangerous sexual offenses committed by persons previously convicted of one of these offenses; and the percentage of cases in which a person convicted of murder, rape, or a dangerous sexual offense in one State commits a second offense in another State. For purposes of this Act-- Murder.--The term ``murder'' means the unlawful killing of a human being with malice aforethought, and includes murder-- perpetrated by poison, lying in wait, or any other kind of willful, deliberate, malicious, and premeditated killing; committed in the perpetration of, or attempt to perpetrate, any arson, escape, murder, kidnapping, treason, espionage, sabotage, aggravated sexual abuse or sexual abuse, burglary, or robbery; or perpetrated from a premeditated design unlawfully and maliciously to effect the death of any individual other than the individual who is killed. Rape.--The term ``rape'' includes the carnal knowledge of an individual forcibly and against the will of such individual. Dangerous sexual offense.--The term ``dangerous sexual offense'' means sexual abuse or sexually explicit conduct committed by an individual who is over the age of 18 against a child under the age of 14. Sexual abuse.--The term ``sexual abuse'' includes the employment, use, persuasion, inducement, enticement, or coercion of a child under the age of 14 to engage in, or assist another person to engage in, sexually explicit conduct or the rape, molestation, prostitution, or other form of sexual exploitation of children, or incest with children. Sexually explicit conduct.--The term ``sexually explicit conduct'' means actual or simulated-- sexual intercourse, including sexual contact in the manner of genital-genital, oral-genital, anal- genital, or oral-anal contact, whether between persons of the same or of opposite sex; bestiality; masturbation; lascivious exhibition of the genitals or pubic area of a person or animal; or sadistic or masochistic abuse. Sexual contact.--The term ``sexual contact'' means the intentional touching, either directly or though clothing, of the genitalia, anus, groin, breast, inner thigh, or buttocks of any person with an intent to abuse, humiliate, harass, degrade, or arouse or gratify sexual desire of any person."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "no second chances for murderers, rapists, or child molesters act of 1998". sec. 2. sense of congress. it is the sense of Congress that-- (1) any individual convicted of murder, rape, or a dangerous sexual offense involving a child under the age of 14 should be imprisoned for life without the possibility of parole. sec. 3. penalty for states that release certain felons. (a) penalty. -- (a. penalty. sec (2) penalty for state inmates. --in a case in which a state convicts a person of murder or rape, rape or a Dangerous sexual offense, who has a prior conviction for one of these offenses, who is deceased, the victim's estate) of the subsequent offense, shall be imprisoned without the prior conviction, and (b) if the state has convicted such person of the first offense, they shall be released without the ability of parole; and (c) if they are released without parole, they may be imprisoned with the prior offense, and they may not be released with the possibility for parole. Sec. 4. federal law enforcement assistance funds of the state that convicted of a prior offense. --a) the cost of incarceration, prosecution, and apprehension of such person shall be paid to the state entity designated to administer crime victim assistance, and half shall be deposited in a state account that collects Federal law enforcement funds. (2. multiple states. --the cost of incarcerate, prosecution and apprehensionof such person may be transferred to each victim (or if the victim is deceased; the victim of the second offense. (3) multiple states, the state which convicted of the third offense.—the costs of incarceration. --as a result of the costs of incarcer, prosecution; and apprehended of such people shall be apportioned equally among the states that convicted, rape and transferred to the victims (or the victim are deceased, and the victim may be deceased) of a subsequent offense. sec(a) multiple state. --to receive funds under this section, the chief executive of a state shall administer the transfer of the following amounts from federal lawenforcement assistance funds. --any amount transferred as a result thereof from federal laws enforcement assistance programs received by the state, the attorney general, in consultation with the Chief executive of each state, who convicted of one of the prior offenses. (b). total amount transferred. --this amount transferred shall be Apportioned equal among the States that found ofsec. 6. definitions. for purposes of this act-- (1) murder. --the term "murder" means the unlawful killing of a human being with malice aforethought, and includes murder-- (a) perpetrated by poison, lying in wait, or any other kind of willful, deliberate, malicious, and premeditated killing; (b) committed in the perpetration of, or attempt to perpetrate, any arson, escape, murder, kidnapping, treason, espionage, sabotage, aggravated sexual abuse or sexual abuse, burglary, or robbery; or (c) perpetrated from a premeditation design unlawfully and maliciously to effect the death of any individual other than the individual who is killed. (2) rape. -- the term "rape" includes the carnal knowledge of an individual forcibly and against the will of such individual. (3) dangerous sexual offense. --a term "dangerous sexual offense" means sexual abuse. or sexually explicit conduct committed by an individual. --this term "sexual abuse is the act of sexual abuse and sexual exploitation of a child under the age of 14. (4) sexual abuse of children, or incest with children. (5) sexually abuse of minors, or sexual exploitation with children by any person under the ages of 18 against a child. (6) sexual assault or sexual coercion of children. --an individual who has over the age or age of 18, or sexually coercion of a minor under the Age of 14, or sex abuse of a children under the aged of 14 against a person under 18. (7) sexual exploitation or sexual harassment of children and sexual abuse by any other person. (8) sexual violence or sexual violence. --The term "sex abuse" includes sexual violence, including sexual contact in the manner of genital, use, persuasion, inducement, enticement, or coercion, or inducement or enticements, or coerces of children under 14 to engage in, or assist another person. or sexual assault with children, sexually explicit behavior. (9) sexual intercourse or sexual contact. --in the term, sexual intercourse, includes sexual contact, including physical contact, in the way of genital-genital, oral-genetic, anal- genital, or oral-anal contact, whether between persons of the same or of opposite sex; (a- bestiality; (c" masturbation; (d) lascivious exhibition of the genitals or pubic area of a person or animal; or, (e) sadistic</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.7005355358123779</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>19</ROW><BILL>"PRESERVATION EASEMENT. In General.--Part IV of subchapter A of chapter 11 of the Internal Revenue of 1986 (relating to taxable estate) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: `` ``General Rule.--For purposes of the tax imposed by section 2001, the value of the taxable estate shall be determined by deducting from the value of the gross estate an amount equal to the value of any qualified historic property included in the gross estate. ``Definitions.--For purposes of this section-- ``Qualified historic property.-- ``In general.--The term `qualified historic property' means any historic property if-- ``on or before the date on which the return of the tax imposed by section 2001 is filed, a qualified real property interest described in section 170in such property is held by a qualified organization for the purpose described in section 170, and ``such property is covered by an agreement meeting the requirements of subsection which is entered into on or before such date. ``Treatment of personal property.--Such term includes personal property included within, or associated with, qualified historic property (as defined in paragraph ) if such personal property-- ``is held by the decedent holding such qualified historic property, ``has been so included within, or associated with, such qualified historic property throughout the 10-year period ending on the date of the decedent's death, and ``is covered by the agreement referred to in subparagraph which covers such qualified historic property. ``Historic property.--The term `historic property' means-- ``any building (and its structural components)-- ``which is designated as a National Historic Landmark under section 101 of the National Historic Preservation Act throughout the 10-year period ending on the date of the decedent's death, ``which was owned by the decedent or a member of the decedent's family (as defined in section 2032A) throughout such 10-year period, and ``which was originally used for residential purposes, and ``any other real property to the extent reasonably necessary for public view and visitation of the property described in subparagraph . ``Qualified organization.--The term `qualified organization' has the meaning given to such term by section 170. ``Treatment of qualified historic property held by a corporation.--In the case of a corporation all of the stock in which was held on the date of the decedent's death by the decedent or members of the decedent's family (as defined in section 2032A)-- ``stock in such corporation shall be treated for purposes of this section as qualified historic property to the extent that the value of such stock is attributable to qualified historic property held by such corporation, but ``the requirements of subsection shall be met only if each member of the decedent's family holding such stock on such date sign the agreement referred to in subsection . ``Requirements for Agreement.-- ``In general.--For purposes of subsection , an agreement meets the requirements of this subsection if-- ``such agreement is a written agreement signed by each person in being who has an interest (whether or not in possession) in the historic property (other than the qualified organization), ``such agreement is entered into with a State historic preservation agency (or similar State agency) and filed with the Secretary with the return of the tax imposed by section 2001, ``such agreement provides that the only activities carried on at the historic property are activities which are substantially related (aside from the need for income or funds or the use made of the profits derived) to-- ``the public view and visitation of such property and the property described in the last sentence of subsection with respect to such property), and ``the maintenance and preservation of such property and surrounding areas for such public view and visitation, ``such agreement provides that the historic property will be open to the public for a period of at least 20 years beginning on the date on which the return of the tax imposed by section 2001 is filed, and ``such agreement provides that any admission fees (if any) shall bear a reasonable relationship to admission fees for other comparable tourist sites and shall be approved by such State historic preservation agency (or similar State agency). ``Treatment of food, lodging, and meeting facilities provided to general public.--The regular carrying on-- ``a trade or business of providing lodging shall be treated as not substantially related for purposes of paragraph , ``a trade or business of providing food shall be treated as not substantially related for purposes of paragraph unless-- ``such food is only provided to individuals who pay the generally applicable admission fees (if any) for admission to the property by individuals to whom no food is provided, and ``only an insubstantial portion of the structures on the historic property is devoted to the provision of such food, and ``a trade or business of providing facilities for meetings or events shall be treated as not substantially related for purposes of paragraph unless all of the net proceeds from such trade or business are used for maintenance or preservation of the historic property. ``Open to the public.--For the purposes of paragraph , the 20-year period referred to in such paragraph shall be suspended during reasonable periods of renovation. ``Tax Treatment of Dispositions and Failure To Comply With Agreement.-- ``Imposition of additional estate tax.--If, during the 20-year period referred to in subsection -- ``any person signing the written agreement referred to in subsection disposes of any interest in the qualified historic property, or ``there is a violation of any provision of such agreement (as determined under regulations prescribed by the Secretary), then there is hereby imposed an additional estate tax. ``Exception for certain transferees who agree to be bound by agreement.--No tax shall be imposed under paragraph by reason of any disposition if the person acquiring the property-- ``is a qualified organization or is a member of the family (as defined in section 2032A) of the person disposing of such property, and ``agrees to be bound by the agreement referred to in subsection and to be liable for any tax under this subsection in the same manner as the person disposing of such property. ``Amount of additional tax.-- ``In general.--The amount of the additional tax imposed by paragraph with respect to any property shall be an amount equal to the applicable percentage of the excess of-- ``what would (but for subsection ) have been the tax imposed by section 2001 (reduced by the credits allowable), over ``the tax imposed by section 2001 (as so reduced). ``Applicable percentage.--For purposes of subparagraph , the applicable percentage is the percentage determined in accordance with the following table for the year (of 20-year period referred to in subsection ) in which the event described in paragraph occurs: ``If the event The applicable occurs during: percentage is: The 1st 12 years of such 20-year 100 percent period. The 13th or 14th year of such period. 80 percent The 15th or 16th year of such period. 60 percent The 17th or 18th year of such period. 40 percent The 19th or 20th year of such period. 20 percent. ``Due date.--The additional tax imposed by this subsection shall be due and payable on the day which is 6 months after the date of the disposition or violation referred to in paragraph . ``Liability for tax.--Any person signing the agreement referred to in subsection (other than the executor) shall be personally liable for the additional tax imposed by this subsection. If more than 1 person is liable under this subsection, all such persons shall be jointly and severally liable. ``Certain other rules to apply.--Rules similar to the rules of sections 1016, 2013, and 2032Ashall apply for purposes of this subsection. ``Other Special Rules.-- ``Coordination with deduction for transfer of easement.--Section 2055shall not apply to any interest referred to therein with respect to property for which a deduction is allowed under subsection . ``Denial of deduction of indebtedness on excluded property.--No deduction shall be allowed under section 2053 for indebtedness in respect of property the value of which is deducted under subsection . ``Submission of annual inventories of personal property.--The Secretary shall require the submission to the Secretary of such inventories of personal property which is qualified historic property as the Secretary determines are necessary for purposes of this section.'' Technical Amendments.-- Subsection of section 1014 of such Code is amended by striking the period at the end of paragraph and inserting ``, or'' and by adding after paragraph the following new paragraph: ``in the case of property the value of which was deducted under section 2057, the adjusted basis of such property in the hands of the decedent immediately before the death of the decedent.'' Subparagraph of section 2056Aof such Code is amended by inserting ``2057,'' after ``2056,''. The table of sections for part IV of subchapter A of chapter 11 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ``Sec. 2057. Qualified historic property.'' Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to the estates of decedents dying after the date of the enactment of this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. exclusion from estate tax for historic property subject to preservation easement. (a) in general. --part iv of subchapter a of chapter 11 of the internal revenue of 1986 (relating to taxable estate) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: "sec. 2057. qualified historic property. " (a. general rule. --for purposes of the tax imposed by section 2001, the value of the taxable estate shall be determined by deducting from the valueof the gross estate an amount equal to the value and any qualified historic properties included in the gross. " " (b) definitions. -- for purposes of this section-- "(1) qualified historicproperty. -- " (1) in the general. -the term 'qualified historic property' means any historic property if-- " (i) on or before the date on which the return of the income tax imposed BY section 2001 is filed, a qualified real property interest described in section 170 (h)(2) (c) in such property is held by a qualified organization for the purpose described in sections 170 (c)(iv), and " (ii) such property, and " " "(ii) any property is covered by an agreement meeting the requirements of subsection (c’ which is entered into on or after such date. " “ (b- treatment of personal property. --such term includes personal property included within, or associated with, qualified historic Property (as defined in paragraph (1)) if such personal property-- " ” is held as a qualified organizations for the purposes described inSection 170 (H)(4) (a)(iv) and � " (v) such Property is coveredby an agreement met the requirements and such property are covered by such agreement meetingthe requirements of subsections (c). " (ib) which is not entered into, or before such date, and “ " ( b) treatment of individual property. -such term does personal property include within, and associated with a qualified historic site (as described in paragraph 2032a (1)). if such individual property-- (i" is held in the decedent holding such qualified historic land, " (II) has been so included within the decentent holding any qualified historical property throughout the 10-year period ending on the date of the deceent's death, and (iii) is covered as the agreement referred to in subparagraph (a, (ii), which covers such qualified Historic property. "(2) historic property and --the(b) such agreement is entered into with a state historic preservation agency (or similar state agency) and filed with the secretary with the return of the tax imposed by section 2001, and " (c) such agreements provides that the only activities carried on at the historic property are activities which are substantially related (aside from the need for income or funds or the use made of the profits derived) to-- " (i) the public view and visitation of such property and the property described in the last sentence of subsection (b)(1) with respect to such property), and " " (ii) the maintenance and preservation ofsuch property and surrounding areas for such public view, " (d) and the public visitation, and the historic properties will be open to the public for a period of at least 20 years beginning on the date on which the returnof the tax applied by section2001 is filed, and � (e) such investment provides that any admission fees (if any) shall bear a reasonable relationship to admission fees for other comparable tourist sites and shall be approved by such state historic preserving agency ( or similar state agencies). "(2) treatment of food, lodging, and meeting facilities provided to general public. --the regular carrying on-- " " "a) a trade or business of providing lodging shall be treated as not substantially related for purposes of paragraph (1) (c), " (b) a business of supplying food shall be regarded as not related for the purposes of the same manner as the admission fees, and "(3) any admission fee for other similar tourist sites shall be accepted by such State historic preservation site and shall also be approved for such state historical preservation agency,or similar State agency). "(1) treatment and lodging, " " treatment of the food, and (ii" only an insubstantial portion of the structures on the historic site is devoted to the provision of such food,and " (a) such food shall not substantiallyrelated for purposesof paragraph (2) (b), " "b) the trade or commerce of providing facilities for meetings or events shall be treating as not substantial related for reasons of paragraph 1) (C) unless all of the net proceeds from such trade or businesses are used for maintenance or preservation of the historic facility. "(3). --the provision of food is only provided to individuals who pay the generally applicable admission fees. --if any food is provided to the property by individuals to whom no food are provided, and ' (ii- only an inubstantial portions of the structure on--for purposes of subparagraph (a), the applicable percentage is the percentage determined in accordance with the following table for the year (of 20-year period referred to in subsection (c)(1) (d)) in which the event described in paragraph (1) occurs: "if the event the applicable occurs during: percentage is: the 1st 12 years of such 20- year    d   100 percent period. the 13th or 14th year of such period. 80 percent the 15th or 16th year. 60 percent the 17th or 18th year, such period." 40 percent the 19th or 20th year and 20 percent. "(4) due date. --the additional tax imposed by this subsection shall be due and payable on the day which is 6 months after the date of the disposition or violation referred to. --any person signing the agreement referred to as "any person who signs the agreement described in subsection, shall be personally liable for the additional tax applied by the executor. if more than 1 person is liable under this subsection, all such persons shall be jointly and severally liable. "(6) due day. -- the additional Tax imposed by the subsection shall not be due on the date which is 3 months after, the day of the day in which is6 months after- the date in which this subsection referred to (1). "(5) liability for tax. --ANY person signing or signing the agreements referred to In subsection (b) (other than the executors) shall be directly liable for any additional tax. if one person is personally liable, all other persons are liable for all tax imposed on this subsection. if no more than 2 person is responsible under this subparagraph, all those persons shall also be jointly ( severally) liable. "6) certain other rules to apply. --rules similar to the rules of sections 1016 (c), 2013 (f), and 2032a (f) shall apply for purposes of this subsection and " (e) other special rules. -- "(1) coordination with deduction for transfer of easement. --section 2055 (c) shall not apply to any interest referred to therein with respect to property for which a deduction is allowed under subsection (a). "(2) denial of deduction of indebtedness on excluded property. --no deduction shall be allowed under section 2053 for indebtedness in respect of property the value of which is deducted under subsection. "(3) submission of annual inventories of personal property. —the secretary shall require the submission</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6092361807823181</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>20</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Contributions Legally Interdicted from Noncitizens To Our Nonprofits Act of 2016'' or as the ``CLINTON Act of 2016''. CONTRIBUTIONS FROM PERSONS CONNECTED TO FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS. In General.--Section 501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Prohibition on Acceptance of Contributions From Persons Connected to Foreign Governments by 501Organizations Established by Certain Federal Officials.-- ``Termination of tax-exempt status.--A Federal official organization shall not be treated as described in subsection with respect to any period after the date on which such organization knowingly or willingly accepts or solicits any contribution from any person connected to a foreign government. If a Federal official organization accepts a contribution from any person and learns that such person is connected to a foreign government after such acceptance, such organization shall not be treated for purposes of this subsection as knowingly or willingly accepting such contribution from such person if such contribution is returned to such person not later than the date which is 30 days after the date on which the organization so learns the status of such person. ``Forfeiture of prohibited contributions.--There is hereby imposed a tax on any Federal official organization which knowingly or willingly accepts any contribution from any person connected to any foreign government in an amount equal to the amount of such contribution. ``Federal official organization.--For purposes of this subsection, the term `Federal official organization' means any organization described in subsection (or which would be so described without regard to paragraph ) if one or more Federal officials established, control, or actively participate in the management of, such organization. For purposes of the preceding sentence, service in a merely honorary capacity shall note be treated as control or active participation in management. ``Federal official.--For purposes of this subsection, the term `Federal official' means any individual who-- ``at any time prior the date of the contribution referred to in paragraph or , is serving or has served as President or Vice-President, or ``at any time during the 20-year period ending on the date of the contribution referred to in paragraph or , holds or has held any of the following positions in the Federal government: ``Any Member of Congress (including any Delegate and Resident Commissioner). ``Any officer or employee appointed by the President, Vice-President, or any agency head and subject to confirmation by the Senate. ``Any of the following positions which are held at the pleasure of the President: ``Assistant to the President. ``Chief of staff. ``National security advisor. ``Deputy chief of staff. ``Any Federal judge, without regard to the article of the Constitution pursuant to which appointed. ``Persons connected to foreign government.--For purposes of this subsection, the term `person connected to a foreign government' means the following: ``Any department, agency, or instrumentality of a foreign government. ``Any public international organization (as defined in section 104 of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (15 U.S.C. 78dd-2)). ``Any officer or employee of any entity described in subparagraph or . ``Any individual who was described in subparagraph at any time during the 20-year period ending on the date on which the contribution from such individual is accepted or solicited. ``Any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any entity described in subparagraph or . ``Any person belonging to a ruling or royal family by virtue of sanguinity or marriage. ``Any person related within four degrees of consanguinity to a person described in subparagraph or .''. Effective Date.--The amendment made by this section shall apply to contributions made after the date of the enactment of this Act in taxable years ending after such date."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "contributions legally interdicted from noncitizens to our nonprofits act of 2016" or as the the "clinton act of 2015" or the "hillary act of 2017" or "clinton acts of 2016". sec. 2. certain charitable organizations prohibited for accepting contributions from persons connected to foreign governments. (a) in general. --section 501 of the internal revenue code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: "(s) prohibition on acceptance of contributions from individuals connected to the foreign governments by 501 (c)(3) organizations established by certain federal officials. -- "(1) termination of tax-exempt status. --a federal official organization shall not be treated as described in subsection (c) with respect to any period after the date on which such organization knowingly or willingly accepts or solicits any contribution from any person connected to a foreign government. if a federal official organizations accepts a contribution fromany person and learns that such person is connected to or learns that any person is related to a Foreign government after such acceptance, such organization shall be treated for purposes of this subsection as knowingly or voluntarily accepting such contribution from such person if such contribution is returned to such person not later than the date which is 30 days after the period on which the organization so learns the status of such person. "(2) forfeiture of prohibited contributions. --there is hereby imposed a tax on any federal official organisation which knowingly or ever accepts any contribution by any person and assumes that such individual is connected or has contributed any contribution. "(3) total amount of such contribution. --for purposes of the term 'federal official organization, the term' means any organization described in subparagraph (c(3) (or which would be so described without regard to paragraph (1)) if one or more federal officials established, control, or actively participate in the management of, such organizations. for purposes, service in a merely honorary capacity shall be considered as control or active participation in management. "(4) federal official. --if a term 'Federal official organization' meansany individual who-- " (a" at any time prior the date of the contribution referred to in paragraph (c), is serving or has served as president or vice-president, or " (b) at any other time during the 20-year period ending on the date that the contribution described in paragraph "1) or (2), holds or has held any of the following positions in the federal government: " (i) anyfamily by virtue of sanguinity or marriage. " (g) any person related within four degrees of consanguinity to a person described in subparagraph (e) or (f). ". (b) effective date. --the amendment made by this section shall apply to contributions made after the date of the enactment of this act in taxable years ending after such date. -the amendment makes by this provision shall apply only to contributions from persons who are married to a spouse of a spouse. (c) taxable year ending after this date.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5207127332687378</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>21</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Reduce Expenditures in Nuclear Infrastructure Now Act'' or the ``REIN-IN Act''. Congress finds the following: The Berlin Wall fell in 1989, the Soviet Union no longer exists, and the Cold War is over. The nature of threats to the national security and military interests of the United States has changed. However, the United States continues to maintain an enormous arsenal of nuclear weapons and delivery systems that were devised with the Cold War in mind. The current nuclear arsenal of the United States includes approximately 5,000 total nuclear warheads, of which approximately 2,000 are deployed with three delivery components: long-range strategic bomber aircraft, land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles, and submarine-launched ballistic missiles. The bomber fleet of the United States comprises 93 B-52 and 20 B-2 aircraft. The United States maintains 450 intercontinental ballistic missiles. The United States also maintains 14 Ohio-class submarines, up to 12 of which are deployed at sea. Each of those submarines is armed with up to 96 independently targetable nuclear warheads. This Cold War-based approach to nuclear security comes at significant cost. Over the next 10 years, the United States will spend hundreds of billions of dollars maintaining and upgrading its nuclear force, according to the Congressional Budget Office. A substantial decrease in spending on the nuclear arsenal of the United States is prudent for both the budget and national security. The national security interests of the United States can be well served by reducing the total number of deployed nuclear warheads and their delivery systems, as stated by the Department of Defense's June 2013 nuclear policy guidance entitled, ``Report on Nuclear Employment Strategy of the United States''. This guidance found that force levels under the Treaty on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force on February 5, 2011, between the United States and the Russian Federation (commonly known as the ``New START Treaty'') ``are more than adequate for what the United States needs to fulfill its national security objectives'' and that the force can be reduced by up to \1/3\ below levels under the New START Treaty to 1,000 to 1,100 warheads. Even without additional reductions in deployed strategic warheads, the United States can save tens of billions of dollars by deploying those warheads more efficiently on delivery systems and by deferring production of new delivery systems until they are needed. Economic security and national security are linked and both will be well served by smart defense spending. Admiral Mike Mullen, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, stated on June 24, 2010, ``Our national debt is our biggest national security threat'' and on August 2, 2011, stated, ``I haven't changed my view that the continually increasing debt is the biggest threat we have to our national security.''. The Government Accountability Office has found that there is significant waste in the construction of the nuclear facilities of the National Nuclear Security Administration of the Department of Energy. Prohibition on New Long-Range Penetrating Bomber Aircraft.-- Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2014 through 2023 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the research, development, test, and evaluation or procurement of a long-range penetrating bomber aircraft. Prohibition on F-35 Nuclear Mission.--Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2014 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense or the Department of Energy may be used to make the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft capable of carrying nuclear weapons. Reduction in the B61 Life Extension Program.--Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2014 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense or the Department of Energy may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy jointly certify to Congress that the total cost of the B61 life extension program has been reduced to not more than $5,000,000,000. Termination of W78 Life Extension Program.--Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2014 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense or the Department of Energy may be obligated or expended for the W78 life extension program. Reduction of Nuclear-Armed Submarines.--Notwithstanding any other provision of law, beginning in fiscal year 2020, the forces of the Navy shall include not more than eight ballistic-missile submarines available for deployment. Limitation on SSBN-X Submarines.--Notwithstanding any other provision of law-- none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2014 through 2023 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the procurement of an SSBN-X submarine; and none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2024 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the procurement of more than eight such submarines. Reduction of Submarine-Launched Ballistic Missiles.-- Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2014 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to maintain more than 250 submarine- launched ballistic missiles. Prohibition on New Intercontinental Ballistic Missile.-- Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2014 through 2023 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the research, development, test, and evaluation or procurement of a new intercontinental ballistic missile. Reduction of Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles on High Alert Status.--Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2014 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to maintain more than 150 intercontinental ballistic missiles on a 24-hour, high alert status. Termination of Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility Project.-- Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2014 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense or the Department of Energy may be obligated or expended for the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility project. Termination of Chemistry and Metallurgy Research Building Replacement Project.--Notwithstanding section 4215 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2535) or any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2014 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense or the Department of Energy may be obligated or expended to replace the Chemistry and Metallurgy Research Building at Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, New Mexico. Termination of Uranium Processing Facility.--Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2014 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense or the Department of Energy may be obligated or expended for the Uranium Processing Facility located at the Y-12 National Security Complex, Oak Ridge, Tennessee. Termination of Medium Extended Air Defense System.-- Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2014 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the medium extended air defense system. Initial Report.--Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report outlining the plan of each Secretary to carry out section 3. Annual Report.--Not later than March 1, 2015, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report outlining the plan of each Secretary to carry out section 3, including any updates to previously submitted reports. Annual Nuclear Weapons Accounting.--Not later than September 30, 2015, and annually thereafter, the President shall transmit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report containing a comprehensive accounting by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget of the amounts obligated and expended by the Federal Government for each nuclear weapon and related nuclear program during-- the fiscal year covered by the report; and the life cycle of such weapon or program. Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined.--In this section, the term ``appropriate committees of Congress'' means-- the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "reduce expenditures in nuclear infrastructure now act" or the "rein-in act". sec. 2. findings. congress finds the following: (1) the berlin wall fell in 1989, the soviet union no longer exists, and the cold war is over. the nature of threats to the national security and military interests of the united states has changed. however, the United states continues to maintain an enormous arsenal of nuclear weapons and delivery systems that were devised with the cold-war in mind. (2) the current nuclear arsenal of theunited states includes approximately 5,000 total nuclear warheads, of which approximately 2,000 are deployed with three delivery components: long-range strategic bomber aircraft, land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles, and submarine-launched ballistic missiles. the United States maintains a large and extensive fleet of ballistic missile submarines, up to 12 of which are deployed at sea. the united state maintains a fleet of about 1,000 intercontinental Ballistic missiles, up of which is deployed with four delivery components. the current fleet of the United state includes approximately 1,500 strategic bomber planes, up-to-12 aircraft, long-distance strategic bomber-based ballistic missiles and land-bomber aircraft. the b-52 and 20 b-2 aircraft.the united states maintains 450 intercontinental missile missiles. it also maintains 14 ohio-class submarines, all of which operate at sea and up to 10 of which deploy at sea, up up to 11 of which can be deployed atsea. each of those submarines is armed with up to 96 independently targetable nuclear warheads. (3) this cold war-based approach to nuclear security comes at significant cost. over the next 10 years, the united States will spend hundreds of billions of dollars maintaining and upgrading its nuclear force, according to the congressional budget office. a substantial decrease in spending on the nuclear arsenal is prudent for both the budget and national security. (4) the national Security interests of a united states can be well served by reducing the total number of deployed nuclear warheads and their delivery systems, as stated by the department of defense's june 2013 nuclear policy guidance entitled, "report on nuclear employment strategy of the divided states". this guidance found that force levels under the treaty on measures for the further reduction and limitation of strategic offensive arms, signed on april 8, 2010, and entered into force on february 5, 2011, between the united countries and the russian federation(d) termination of w78 life extension program. --notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2014 or any fiscal year thereafter for the department of defense may be obligated or expended for the w78 Life Extension program. (e) termination on w78 death extension program, beginning in fiscal year 2020, the forces of the navy shall include not more than eight ballistic-missile submarines available for deployment. (f) limitation on ssbn-x submarines. -- notwithstanding any alternative provision of the law, the Department of Defense and the department’s secretary of energy shall be obligated and expended to maintain more than two ballistic-armed submarines available to deploy. (g) limitation of ssbn -x submarines, beginning with fiscal year 2024 or any Fiscal year 2020 for the forces to deploy, and the secretary of defense and the Secretary of energy may be required or expended to provide for the procurement of more than six such submarines. (h) limitation in ssbn-, ssbn, ssbn–x submarines and beginning in Fiscal year 2024 and any fiscal Year 2020 for both the forces and the departments of defense shall provide for more than four such submarines available. (i) limitation upon ssbn –x submarines or ssbn‑x submarines available and deployed. (ii) reduction of submarine-launched ballistic missiles. (iii) reduction in submarine- launched ballistic missiles, beginning from fiscal year 2019 for the departments or the department to provide the departments with the services of the departments and the Department to provide them with the service of the department. (iv) reduction, development, test, and evaluation or procurement of a new intercontinental ballistic missile. (v) reduction and expended. --varying of any of the budget for fiscal years 2014 or the fiscal year 2017 for the Departmentof defense may not be obligated to maintain any more than 250 submarine- launches ballistic missiles on a 24-hour, high alert status. (c) prohibition on new interracial ballistic missile, beginning of new intercourse ballistic missile and -- notwithstanding any other portion of law. -- notwithstanding the funds authorised to be allocated or otherwise make available for any of fiscal years2014 through 2023 for the secretary and the director of defense or the Department is obligated or expend for the research, development and test, or procurement a new Intercontinental ballistic ballistic missile on a 25-hour alert status, (vii) reduced of intercontinental Ballistic missiles. --nowithstanding any Other provision of Law, none(d) appropriate committees of congress defined. --in this section, the term "appropriate committees of Congress" means-- (1) the committee on armed services, the committee of foreign relations, the Committee on appropriations, and the committee for energy and natural resources of the senate; and (2) the committees on armed Services, the committees of foreign affairs, the group on appropriations. of the Senate; (3) committees on energy and Natural resources of congress; and(4) committees of the house of representatives, the chairman of the committees, and (5) the chairman on the committee, the chair of the committee and the chairman.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.562908947467804</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>22</ROW><BILL>"General Rule.--Section 527 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to political organizations) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection: ``Special Rules for Certain Campaign Committees.-- ``In general.--In the case of any political organization to which this subsection applies for any taxable year-- ``all excess campaign contributions received by such organization during such taxable year shall be included in gross income and the exemptions provided by subsection for exempt function income shall not apply to such contributions, and ``the provisions of subsection shall not apply to such organization for such taxable year. ``Organizations to which subsection applies.--This subsection shall apply to any political organization for any taxable year if-- ``such organization is a campaign committee of a candidate for election as a Member of the House of Representatives or as a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the House of Representatives, and ``the contribution limitations of paragraph are not satisfied by such candidate-- ``in the case of the first taxable year beginning in an election cycle, for the portion of such election cycle ending with the close of the taxable year, or ``in the case of the taxable year in which such election cycle ends, for the entire election cycle. ``Contribution limitations.--The contribution limitations of this paragraph are satisfied by any candidate for any election cycle (or portion thereof) if-- ``the sum of the following amounts does not exceed $600,000: ``the amount of cash and the fair market value of other property held by campaign committees of such candidate as of the beginning of such election cycle, plus ``the aggregate amount of political contributions accepted by such candidate or by such candidate's campaign committees during such election cycle (or portion thereof), and ``the aggregate amount of political contributions from multicandidate political committees accepted by such candidate or by such candidate's campaign committees during such election cycle (or portion thereof) does not exceed $300,000. ``Excess campaign contributions.-- ``In general.--For purposes of this subsection, the term `excess campaign contributions' means the amount of contributions received by the political organization during the taxable year to the extent such contributions exceed the amount permitted under the contribution limitations of paragraph . ``Special rule.--For purposes of this subtitle, contributions received during the portion of any election cycle before the first taxable year beginning in such cycle shall be treated as received in such first taxable year. ``Election cycle.--For purposes of this subsection, the term `election cycle' means the period beginning with the day after the date of a general election for the House of Representatives and ending with the date of the next general election for the House of Representatives. ``Multicandidate political committee.--The term `multicandidate political committee' has the meaning given such term by section 315of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (2 U.S.C. 441a).'' Effective Date.--The amendment made by subsection shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. Section 315of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 315) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ``The limitations on charges contained in this subsection shall not apply in the case of a candidate for election as a Member of, or Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the United States House of Representatives unless such candidate certifies, at the time of entering into a contract for the use of such broadcasting station, that such candidate has not obtained any excess campaign contributions for the current election cycle, as determined under section 527of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.''. In General.--Section 3626of title 39, United States Code, is amended-- in paragraph -- by striking ``and the National'' and inserting ``the National''; and by striking ``Committee;'' and inserting ``Committee, and, subject to paragraph , a campaign committee of a candidate for the House of Representatives;''; in paragraph , by striking ``and'' after the semicolon; in paragraph , by striking the period and inserting ``; and''; by adding after paragraph the following: ``the term `candidate for the House of Representatives' means a candidate for election as a Member of, or Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the House of Representatives.''; and by adding after paragraph the following: ``The rates under this subsection shall not be available to a campaign committee of a candidate for the House of Representatives unless such committee certifies, at such time and in such manner as the Postal Service by regulation requires, that such candidate has not obtained any excess campaign contributions for the current election cycle, as determined under section 527of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.''. Sense of the Congress.--It is the sense of the Congress that any additional costs incurred by the United Postal Service in connection with providing reduced rates of postage pursuant to the amendments made by subsection should be funded out of any revenues attributable to the amendment made by section 1."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. denial of certain tax benefits. (a) general rule. --section 527 of the internal revenue code of 1986 (relating to political organizations) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new subsection: " (i) special rules for certain campaign committees. -- "(1) in general. --in the case of any political organization to which this subsection applies for any taxable year-- " (a)(a) all excess campaign contributions received by such organization during such taxable year shall be included in gross income and the exemptions provided by subsection (c)(1) for exempt function income shall not apply to such contributions, and " (b) the provisions of subsection (h) shall not applied to such organization for such taxable years. "(2) organizations to which subsection applies. --this subsection shall apply to any political organizations for any tax year if-- " " ( a) such organization is a campaign committee of a candidate for election as a member of the house of representatives or as a delegate or resident commissioner to the house or resident Commissioner to the House of representatives, and “ (b" the contribution limitations of paragraph (3) are not satisfied by such candidate-- " “ in the caseof the first taxable year beginning in an election cycle, for the portion of such election cycle ending with the close of the taxable year, or " (ii) in the event of the second taxable year in which such election year ends, for any election cycle. "(3) contribution limitations. --the contribution limitations are satisfied by any candidate for any cycle (or portion thereof) if-- (b- the contribution contributions of paragraph 1) are less satisfied by the candidate-- � (i” in the cases of the first taxed year beginning In an election Cycle, for a portion of any election calendar, for each election cycle beginning in such election, for all election cycle end with the date of the election cycle ends, or “ " (II) in any case of the third taxable year starting in such cycle, or for the full election cycle that such candidate's campaign committees accept by the multicandidate political committees during such election day (or part thereof) does not exceed $300,000. "(4) contribution limitation. --for purposes of this subsection, the sum of the following amounts does not meet $600,000: " " " the amount of cash and the fair market value of other property held by campaign committees of such candidate as of the beginning of such cycle and for the remainder of such campaign cycle(i)(4) of the internal revenue code of 1986.". sec. 3. reduced third-class mailing rates. (a) in general. --section 3626(e) of title 39, united states code, is amended-- (1) in paragraph (2) (a). --(1) by striking "and the national" and inserting "the national"; and (b) by inserting "committee;" and inserting the following: " (b), subject to paragraph (3), a campaign committee of a candidate for the house of representatives;"; (2- in paragraph 1) (c), by striking the semicolon "and" after the seminear; (3) by adding after paragraph (a), by "and"; (4) by "by striking "by" after "by"; (5) by using "by," and "by;" and (5), by inserting the "by", and "after" after it; (2, by striking and" after (a; and) after the "; and"; (6) by referring to the period and inserting a comma; and (7) by the following, by adding " (d) the term 'candidate for the House of representatives' means a candidate or candidate for election as a member of, or delegate or resident commissioner to, the house or representatives. "; (5- by adding, "by adding, and" by adding and (2)(2) the following): "(3) the rates under this subsection shall not be available to a campaign team of a candidates for the home of representatives unless such committee certifies, at such time and in such manner as the postal service by regulation requires, that such candidate has not obtained any excess campaign contributions for the current election cycle, as determined under section 527 (i)( 4) ofthe internal revenue Code of 1986.. (b). sense of the congress. --it is the sense of this congress that any additional costs incurred by the united postal service in connection with providing reduced rates of postage pursuant to the amendments made by subsection (a" should be funded out of any revenues attributable to the amendment made by section 1. (c) should be financed out of all revenues attributable thereto.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5521796941757202</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>23</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Clinical Laboratory Compliance Improvement Act of 2004''. DIAGNOSTIC LABORATORY TESTS WHO REPORT VIOLATIONS. In General.--Section 1846 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w-2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Each provider or clinical laboratory approved for participation under this title to provide clinical diagnostic laboratory tests shall post in a conspicuous place a notice to employees that indicates the manner in which to report instances of noncompliance with conditions of participation under this title of the provider or laboratory (as the case may be), including deficiencies with respect to testing, quality, and inadequately trained personnel. ``A notice under subparagraph shall include-- ``the name and contact information of the appropriate entity, accreditation organization, or State or Federal agency to report instances of noncompliance; and ``a description of the rights and protections under this section of individuals who report instances of noncompliance. ``The Secretary shall specify the form of the notice. ``A provider or clinical laboratory approved for participation under this title to provide clinical diagnostic laboratory tests shall not discriminate or retaliate in any manner against any employee of the provider or laboratory (as the case may be) because that employee, or any other person, has presented a grievance or complaint, or has initiated or cooperated in any investigation or proceeding of any kind, relating to the clinical diagnostic laboratory tests performed by the provider or laboratory (as the case may be) or other requirements and prohibitions of this title. ``An employee of a provider or clinical laboratory approved for participation under this title to provide clinical diagnostic laboratory tests who has been discriminated or retaliated against in employment in violation of this subsection may initiate judicial action in a United States District Court and shall be entitled to reinstatement, reimbursement for lost wages and work benefits caused by the unlawful acts of the employing provider or laboratory (as the case may be). Prevailing employees are entitled to reasonable attorney's fees and costs associated with pursuing the judicial action. ``No action may be brought under subparagraph more than 2 years after the discrimination or retaliation with respect to which the action is brought. ``For purposes of this paragraph-- ``an adverse employment action shall be treated as `retaliation or discrimination'; and ``an adverse employment action includes-- ``the failure to promote an individual or provide any other employment-related benefit for which the individual would otherwise be eligible; ``an adverse evaluation or decision made in relation to accreditation, certification, credentialing, or licensing of the individual; and ``a personnel action that is adverse to the individual concerned.''. Clerical Amendment.--The heading of such section is amended by adding at the end the following: ``; whistleblower protections''. Effective Date.--The amendment made by subsection shall take effect January 1, 2005. In General.--Section 1846 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w-2), as amended by section 2, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: ``Upon receipt of a report of an instance of noncompliance with conditions of participation by a provider or clinical laboratory approved for participation under this title to provide clinical diagnostic laboratory tests, the investigative organization shall-- ``provide notice to the Secretary and other investigative organizations involved of receipt of the report within 3 business days of such receipt using a standard format and manner of transmission developed by the Secretary for such purpose; ``promptly determine whether to investigate the report; and ``if appropriate, promptly investigate the report. ``In measuring performance of an investigative organization under a contract entered into with the Secretary, the Secretary shall provide for appropriate adjustments to payments under the contract for failure to carry out the responsibilities of this subsection. ``In this subsection, the term `investigative organization' means an accreditation organization, a State agency, or other entity responsible for surveys of such providers or clinical laboratories. ``Each provider or clinical laboratory approved for participation under this title to provide clinical diagnostic laboratory tests shall be subject to a standard survey, to be conducted without any prior notice to the provider or laboratory (as the case may be). Each survey shall include verification of compliance with requirements under subsection . ``Any individual who notifies (or causes to be notified) a provider or laboratory of the time or date on which such a survey is scheduled to be conducted is subject to a civil money penalty not to exceed $2,000. ``The Secretary shall review each State's procedures for the scheduling and conduct of standard surveys to assure that the State has taken all reasonable steps to avoid giving notice of such a survey through the scheduling procedures and the conduct of the surveys themselves. ``The Secretary shall submit to Congress an annual report on the actions taken under this section. Each such report shall include information on reports made under subsection , actions taken under subsection , the promptness with which such actions were taken, the findings of any investigation of such reports, and any actions taken based upon such findings.''. Clerical Amendment.--The heading of such section, as amended by section 2, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ``; unannounced surveys''. Effective Date.--The amendment made by subsection shall take effect January 1, 2005."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "clinical laboratory compliance improvement act of 2004". sec. 2. protection of employees of providers and suppliers of clinical diagnostic laboratory tests who report violations. (a) in general. --section 1846 of the social security act (42 u.s.c. 1395w-2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: " (c)(1) " each provider or clinical laboratory approved for participation under this title to provide clinical diagnostic lab tests shall post in a conspicuous place a notice to employees that indicates the manner in which to report instances of noncompliance with conditions of participation under the title of the provider or laboratory (as the case may be), including deficiencies with respect to testing, quality, and inadequately trained personnel. " (b) clerical amendment. --the heading of such section, as amended by section 2 (b), is further amended by the following at the beginning the following: "; unannounced surveys". (c) effective date. -- the amendment made by subsection (a)(a) shall take effect january 1, 2005.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6881265044212341</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>24</ROW><BILL>"FACILITIES. In General.--Section 141 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to private activity bond; qualified bond) is amended by redesignating subsection as subsection and inserting after subsection the following new subsection: ``Bonds for Electric Output Facilities.-- ``Bonds issued before enactment of comprehensive electricity competition act.-- ``In general.--The determination of whether any pre-effective date electric output facility bond is a private activity bond (or an industrial development bond under the Internal Revenue Code of 1954), shall be made without regard to any permissible competitive actions taken by the issuer. ``Pre-effective date electric output facility bond.--For purposes of subparagraph , the term `pre- effective date electric output facility bond' means any bond issued as part of an issue if-- ``such bond was issued before the date of the enactment of the Comprehensive Electricity Competition Act, ``any portion of the proceeds of such issue was used with respect to an electric output facility, and ``such bond was not, as of such date of enactment, a private activity bond (or an industrial development bond under the Internal Revenue Code of 1954). ``Permissible competitive actions.--For purposes of subparagraph , the term `permissible competitive actions' means any action taken by the issuer on or after the date of the enactment of the Comprehensive Electricity Competition Act regarding-- ``transmission property owned by the issuer if the issuer is subject to an order of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission requiring nondiscriminatory, open access to transmission facilities in a manner consistent with rules promulgated by the Commission under sections 205 and 206 of the Federal Power Act (as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Comprehensive Electricity Competition Act), or ``generation property or distribution property owned by the issuer if the issuer-- ``implements retail competition under section 609 of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (as amended by, and as in effect on the date of the enactment of, the Comprehensive Electricity Competition Act), or ``enters into a contract for the sale of electricity or use of its distribution property which will not become effective prior to the date that the issuer implements retail competition under section 609 of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (as amended by, and as in effect on the date of the enactment of, the Comprehensive Electricity Competition Act). ``Comprehensive electricity competition act.-- For purposes of this paragraph, references to the Comprehensive Electricity Competition Act shall be treated as references to any law which is substantially identical to S. 2287 of the 105th Congress, as introduced. ``Bonds issued on or after enactment of comprehensive electricity competition act.-- ``In general.--For purposes of this title, the term `private activity bond' includes any bond issued as part of an issue any of the proceeds of which are to be used (directly or indirectly) for electric output facilities other than small distribution property. ``Small distribution property.--For purposes of subparagraph , the term `small distribution property' means any output facility, including functionally related and subordinate property, that operates at 69 kilovolts or less.''. Effective Date.-- In general.--Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendment made by this section shall apply to obligations issued on or after the date of the enactment of the Comprehensive Electricity Competition Act (within the meaning of section 141of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this section). Treatment of pre-effective date bonds.--Section 141of such Code, as added by this section, shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Refunding bonds.-- In general.--For purposes of this subsection and the amendment made by this section, section 141of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this section, shall not apply to any qualified refunding bond. Qualified refunding bond.--For purposes of subparagraph , the term ``qualified refunding bond'' means any bond (or a bond which is part of a series of refundings) issued to refund a pre-effective date electric output facility bond if-- the weighted average maturity of the issue of which the refunding bond is a part does not exceed 120 percent of the average reasonably expected economic life of the facilities being financed with the net proceeds of such issue (determined under section 147of such Code), the amount of the refunding bond does not exceed the outstanding amount of the refunded bond, and the net proceeds of the refunding bond are used to redeem the refunded bond not later than 90 days after the date of issuance of the refunding bond. In General.--Subsection of section 468A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ``Limitation on Amount Paid Into Fund.--The amount which a taxpayer may pay into the Fund for any taxable year shall not exceed the ruling amount applicable to such taxable year.'' Effective Date.--The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. treatment of bonds issued to finance electric output facilities. (a) in general. --section 141 of the internal revenue code of 1986 (relating to private activity bond; qualified bond) is amended by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (f) and inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection: " (e- bonds for electric output facility. -- "(1) bonds issued before enactment of comprehensive electricity competition act. -- " (a. --for purposes of subparagraph (a), the term 'pre-effective date electric output- facility bond' means any bond issued as part of an issue. -- (b) pre- effective date electric input facility bond. --(b) bonds for electrical output facility bonds. --" (a, bonds issued after enactment of the Comprehensive electricity competition Act. --the determination of whether-- " (i) such bond was issued before the date of the enactment of any pre-operative date electricoutput facility bond, " (ii) any portion of the proceeds of such bond (or an industrial development bond under the internal Revenue code of 1954), shall be made without regard to any permissible competitive actions taken by the issuer. " (b (b- pre-effective dates electric output Facility bond. -for purposesof subparagraph (b), the terms 'pre - effective date Electric output facility bond', means any Bond issued aspart of an Issue if-- " " (I) such Bond was issued with respect to an electric activity bond, or " (II) such bonds was issued after the date that such bond is used with respectto an electric production facility, or (ii ( any portionof the proceeds from such issue was used with regard to an Electric output Facility, and " (iii) such deal was not, as of such date of enactment, a private activity Bond (or An industrial development Bond under the Internal revenue codeof 1954). "(c) permissible competitive activities. -- for purposes ofparagraph (a], the term�permissible competitive actions' means Any action taken by any action taken or the issuer on or after the Date of the enacted of the comprehensive electricity Competition act regarding-- "(i) transmission property owned by the borrower if the issuer is subject to an order of the federal energy regulatory commission requiring nondiscriminatory, open access to transmission facilities in a manner consistent with rules promulgated by the commission under sections 205 and 206 of the national power act (as in effect on the date the enactment), or " " " in effect (the date of a(d) of the internal revenue code of 1986, as added by this section). (2) treatment of pre-effective date bonds. --section 141 (e)(1) of such code, as taken by this period, shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this act. (3) refunding bonds. — (a) in general. --for purposes of this subsection and the amendment made by this sections, section 141 (E)(2) of this section, shall not apply to any qualified refunding bond. (b) qualified refunded bond. -- for purposes of subparagraph (a), the term "qualified refunding Bond" means any bond (or a bond which is part of a series of refundings) issued to refund a pre-operative date electric output facility bond if-- (i) the weighted average maturity of the issue of which the refunding stock does not exceed 120 percent of the average reasonably expected economic life of the facilities being financed with the net proceeds of such issue (determined under section 147 (b), of such coupon), (ii) the amount of the refunded Bond does not meet the outstanding amount of such bond, (ii), the amount is used to redeem the refundment bond, and (iii) the net Proceed of the issuing bond is a part of the issuance of the bond. sec. 2. nuclear decommissioning costs. --subsection (b)(b) of section 468a of the Internal Revenue code of 1987 is amended to read as follows: " (a)(b), (determin under section 148 (b-) of any code), (i)(b- the amount) the refundING bond does not exceeded the outstanding portion of the refundsed bond, or (iii). the net funds of the receipting bond are used to pay the refundED bond not later than 90 days after the date on issuance of a refunding plan. sec." 2. Nuclear decommissioned costs. (a). in general, --subsections (b). of section four68a and (b(b) and 468(a of this internal revenue codes of 1986 is amended by read as as follows:" " (b" limitation on amount paid into fund. --the amount which a taxpayer may pay into the fund for any taxable year shall not exceed the ruling amount applicable to such taxable year. " (c) effective date. --there amendment madeby this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the anniversary of the enacted of this Act. --</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6131011247634888</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>25</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``United States-Afghanistan Status of Forces Agreement Act of 2011''. Congress finds the following: Al Qaeda, a terrorist organization using Afghanistan as a base of operations, attacked the United States on September 11, 2001, killing nearly 3,000 people in New York, Pennsylvania, and Virginia. Congress passed and the President signed the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107-40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) on September 18, 2001. The United States initiated Operation Enduring Freedom to combat Al Qaeda and prevent the Taliban regime in Afghanistan from providing Al Qaeda with safe harbor. The Taliban was removed from power and the United States concluded security agreements with the newly formed Afghan government. Al Qaeda no longer has a major or relevant presence in Afghanistan. The United States and Afghanistan has exchanged notes, signed agreements, and issued ``joint declarations'' on various topics, but have not entered into a bilateral agreement on the status of forces. A status of forces agreement with Afghanistan would not expressly authorize the United States to carry out military operations in Afghanistan but would recognize that such operations are ongoing. The United States is currently party to more than 100 agreements on the status of forces. A status of forces agreement may be a multilateral or bilateral agreement addressing the status of United States Armed Forces while present in a foreign country. Status of forces agreements may include--but are not limited to--how the domestic laws of the foreign jurisdiction shall be applied to United States personnel and contractors while in that country. In a similar agreement, parties have pledged to work cooperatively in a number of fields, including on diplomatic, security, economic, cultural, and law enforcement matters. In a similar agreement, a deadline has been established for the withdrawal of United States troops by a date certain. United States personnel subject to a status of forces agreement may include members of the United States Armed Forces, Department of Defense civilian employees, and contractors working for the Department of Defense. In General.--Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall seek to negotiate and enter into a bilateral status of forces agreement with the Government of Afghanistan in accordance with the requirements of this section. Mandatory Elements.--The status of forces agreement specified in subsection shall, to the maximum extent practicable-- prohibit the permanent basing or military presence of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan; provide a date, no later than 1 year after the date on which the agreement is entered into with the Government of Afghanistan, for the complete, safe, and orderly redeployment from Afghanistan of all members of the United States Armed Forces, Department of Defense civilian employees, and contractors working for the Department of Defense; and establish that the temporary presence of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan is at the request and invitation of the sovereign Government of Afghanistan. Discretionary Elements.--The status of forces agreement specified in subsection may provide for the authorization of specific exercises, activities, or missions of the United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. Sense of Congress.--It is the sense of Congress that the President should submit the status of forces agreement specified in subsection to the Senate for its advice and consent to ratification as a treaty or alternatively the President should request statutory authorization for the status of forces agreement by Congress. Submission to Congress.-- In general.--The President shall submit to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a copy of the status of forces agreement specified in subsection . The status of forces agreement shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex if necessary. Availability.--Any Senator or Member of the House of Representatives may review the copy of the status of forces agreement submitted under paragraph , including any portions of the agreement contained in the classified annex. Definition.--In paragraph , the term ``Member of the House of Representatives'' includes a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to Congress."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "united states-afghanistan status of forces agreement (sofa) act of 2011". sec. 2. findings. congress finds the following: (1) al qaeda, a terrorist organization using afghanistan as a base of operations, attacked the united states on september 11, 2001, killing nearly 3,000 people in new york, pennsylvania, and virginia. (2) congress passed and the president signed the authorization for use of military force (public law 107-40; 50 u.s.c. 1541 note) on sewedember 18, 2001. (3) the united States initiated operation of the taliban regime in afghanistan, and the united state and the afghan government in afghania, which was established by the United States in 2001. The united states and afghanian government in the form of a new government, the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) and the newly formed afghan state, which were formed by the president and the secretary of defense. (4) the United states and the new afghan governments in the United Kingdom and the member states concluded security agreements with the newly forming afghangovernment. (5) the new government was established in the united nation and the members of the united nations concluded security arrangements with the new elected afghan regime. (6) al Qaeda no longer has a major or relevant presence in afirmistan. (7) the divided states and Afghanistan has exchanged notes, signed agreements, and issued "joint declarations" on various topics, but have not entered into a bilateral agreement on the status of armed forces. (8) a status of force agreement with the government of afghan is not a bilateral or multilateral agreement. (9) a "status of forces" agreement with afghanis. (a) in general. (b) in a similar agreement, a "mixed" or "multilateral or bilateral agreement" with the country. (c) in particular. (d) in fact. (e) in the same agreement. --a multilateral, multilateral and bilateral agreement addressing the status and military operations of united states armed forces while present in a foreign country, but are not limited to--how the domestic laws of the foreign jurisdiction shall be applied to united states personnel and contractors while in that country. A similar agreement with Afghanis would not expressly authorize the united countries to carry out military operations</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5819382071495056</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>26</ROW><BILL>"VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR VETERANS AND FAMILY MEMBERS WITH LIMITED ENGLISH PROFICIENCY. In General.-- Requirement.--Chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1712B the following new section: ``Sec. 1713. Mental health services; languages other than English ``Availability of Counseling in Languages Other Than English.-- In providing counseling and other mental health services authorized by law to a veteran who has limited proficiency in English, the Secretary shall ensure that such counseling and services are available to that veteran in both English and a language other than English in which the veteran is proficient, if requested by the veteran. ``Identification of Limited English Proficient Veterans.--For purposes of this section, the Secretary shall develop procedures for identifying veterans who have limited proficiency in English and of informing those veterans of the provisions of subsection .''. Clerical amendment.--The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1712B the following new item: ``1713. Mental health services; languages other than English''. Family Members.--Section 1782 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: ``Additional Counseling.--In addition to services authorized by subsections and , the Secretary shall, in connection with the service of a veteran in the active military, naval, or air service, provide to an individual described in subsection such counseling and mental health services as are requested by the individual, except to the extent that the Secretary determines that such counseling and mental health services are not needed. ``Bilingual Counseling.--In providing counseling and mental health services under this section and bereavement counseling under section 1783 of this title, the Secretary shall ensure, in the case of an individual who has limited proficiency in English, that such counseling and services are available to that individual in both English and a language other than English in which the individual is proficient, if requested by the individual. ``For purposes of this subsection, the Secretary shall develop procedures for identifying individuals who have limited proficiency in English and of informing those individuals of the provisions of paragraph .''. Effective Date.--Section 1713 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection , and subsections and of section 1782 of such title, as added by subsection , shall take effect at the end of the 120-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. OF EXECUTIVE ORDER 13166. System for Access to Services.--The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall implement a system by which persons with limited English proficiency can meaningfully access the services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs consistent with, and without unduly burdening, the fundamental mission of that Department. The Secretary shall work to ensure that recipients of financial assistance under programs of the Department provide meaningful access to applicants and beneficiaries with limited English proficiency. Plan.--The Secretary shall implement a plan to improve access to programs and activities of the Department of Veterans Affairs by eligible persons with limited English proficiency. The plan shall be consistent with the standards set forth in the guidance issued by the Attorney General and shall include the steps the Secretary will take to ensure that eligible persons with limited English proficiency can meaningfully access the programs and activities of the Department. In developing and implementing the plan under section 2, the Secretary shall, at a minimum, carry out the following: The Secretary shall conduct a thorough assessment of the language needs of the population served by the Department of Veterans Affairs, including identifying the non-English languages that are likely to be encountered. The Secretary shall develop and implement a comprehensive language assistance program, which shall include-- hiring bilingual staff and interpreters for patient and client contact positions; and translating written materials (such as consent forms, notice of free language assistance, and outreach materials) into languages other than English. The Secretary shall train staff of the Department on the access policy of the Department with respect to persons with limited English proficiency and on carrying out that policy. The Secretary shall establish vigilant monitoring and oversight to ensure that persons with limited English proficiency have meaningful access to health care and services. The Secretary shall establish a task force to evaluate implementation and to prioritize needed actions to implement the access plan for persons with limited English proficiency. The Secretary shall develop a specific plan to ensure seamless transition of veterans and their families from benefits and services provided by the Department of Defense to benefits and services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs, including bilingual readjustment and bereavement counseling. The Secretary shall establish a process to translate vital documents and other materials, including materials on the World Wide Web, brochures distributed as part of outreach efforts to servicemembers transitioning into civilian life, and the post-deployment health reassessment program. The Secretary shall conduct outreach to veterans and their families in communities which may have higher proportions of populations with limited English proficiency to ensure they are aware of eligibility for benefits and services from the Department of Veterans Affairs. DIRECTIVE ON IMPROVING ACCESS TO SERVICES FOR PERSONS WITH LIMITED ENGLISH PROFICIENCY. Report Required.--Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Veterans' Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the implementation by the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs of the directive of the Veterans Health Administration designated ``VHA Directive 2002- 006'' that was issued by the Under Secretary for Health of the Department of Veterans Affairs on January 31, 2002, and that issued policy to implement prohibitions on discrimination on the basis of national origin for persons with limited English proficiency in Federally-conducted programs and activities and in Federal financial assisted programs. Capacity to Provide Services to LEP Servicemembers.--The Secretary shall include in the report an analysis of the capacity of the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide services to members of the Armed Forces with limited English proficiency."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. provision of mental health services by department of veterans affairs for veterans and family members with limited english proficiency. (a) in general. -- (1) requirement. --chapter 17 of title 38, united states code, is amended by inserting after section 1712b the following new section: "sec. 1713. mental healthservices; languages other than english " (a, b) availability of counseling in languages other other than English. -- in providing counseling and other mental health Services authorized by law to a veteran who has limited proficiency in english, the secretary shall ensure that such counseling and services are available to that veteran, if requested by the veteran. " (b) identification of limited english proficient veterans. --the secretary shall develop procedures for identifying veterans who have limited english in english and of informing those veterans of the provisions of subsection (a). ". (c) clerical amendment. -- the table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended, inserting after the item relating to section 1713b the same new item: "1713. natural health services; languages Other than english". (b, b, b). (c, b. (c). (d) clericals amendment. (e) clerically amendment. -the table of section at the end of such section is amended. --(e) in the table at the start of such paragraph is amended after the items relating to sections 1712a the following (b), and the table in the beginning in the item pertaining to section 1512b. --a) language of language other than american. (f) translation. --section 1713a. naturalhealth services; language other of english. (b. family members. --sections 1782 of such title is amendedby adding at the tail end the following two new subsections: " (e" additional counseling. --in addition to services authorized by subsections (a’ and (b-), the Secretary shall, in connection with the service of a veteran in the active military, naval, or air service, provide to an individual described in subsection (c)(c) such counseling, mental health and services as are requested by an individual, except to the extent that the secretary determines that such c. is not needed. (g) bilingual counseling. —(1) provided counseling and mental health service under this section and bereavement counseling under section 1783 of this title. the secretary will ensure, in the case of an individual who has a limited proficiency of english, that such counselorspolicy. (4) the secretary shall establish vigilant monitoring and oversight to ensure that persons with limited english proficiency have meaningful access to health care and services. (5) the Secretary shall establish a task force to evaluate implementation and to prioritize needed actions to implement the access plan for persons withlimited english proficiency. (6) the general secretary shall develop a specific plan to ensure seamless transition of veterans and their families from benefits and services provided by the department of defense to benefits and Services provided by veterans affairs, including bilingual readjustment and bereavement counseling. (7) the assistant secretary shall create a process to translate vital documents and other materials, including materials on the world wide web, brochures distributed as part of outreach efforts to servicemembers transitioning into civilian life, and the post-deployment health reassessment program. (8) the secretaries shall conduct outreach to veterans and its families in communities which may have higher proportions of populations with limited English proficiency to ensure they are aware of eligibility for benefits and service. (9) and the secretary will establish a process for ensuring that veterans and families in community communities with higher percentages of populations who may have lower proportions of population with minimal english proficiency are informed of eligibility and services from the Department of veterans affairs. sec. 4. report on implementation by veterans health administration of directive on improving access to services for personsWith limited english. (a) report required. --not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this act, the secretary of veterans Affairs shall submit to the committees on veterans' affairs of the senate and house of representatives a report on the implementation by the veterans health Administration of the department's department of veterans operations of the directive of the veterans mental health administration designated "vha directive 2002- 006" that was issued by the under secretary for health of the Departmentof veterans affairs on january 31, 2002, and that issued policy to implement prohibitions on discrimination on the basis of national origin for personswith limited english proficient in federally-conducted programs and activities and in federal financial assisted programs. (b) capacity to provide services to lep servicemenbers. --the secretary shall include in the report an analysis of the capacity of the staff of the head of the departments of the armed forces to provide the capacity to the department for veterans affairs to provide service to members of the Armed forces with limited american proficiency.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.701205849647522</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>27</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Ensuring Defense Support to Catastrophic Incident Response Act of 2008''. Congress makes the following findings: The United States faces real threats of man-made and natural disasters which could result in catastrophic consequences to the Nation, its resources, and its people. Because of the scale of the potential consequences of these threats, they may constitute threats to national security and will require the full range of Federal resources to save lives, minimize human suffering, protect property, and mitigate damage. Because of its manpower, communications, logistics, and other capabilities, the Department of Defense is uniquely suited to provide critical support to other departments and agencies of the Federal Government, State and local governments, and governments of the Commonwealths and possessions of the United States in response to a catastrophic incident in the United States. Planning and preparation for and execution of civil support operations in responding to catastrophic incidents in support of the Department of Homeland Security and State and local governments is a national security issue. A successful response to catastrophic incidents in the United States requires coordinated strategic plans and detailed operational plans with specific tasking and sourcing. The Department of Defense must develop such plans and should maintain the required units and assets at the appropriate level of readiness in order to deliver the capabilities which will be required in a response led by the Department of Homeland Security. The National Guard and Reserves are forward-deployed in communities throughout the United States, are integrated with State and local governments, and have considerable homeland- related capabilities. The Department of Defense and the United States Northern Command must therefore consider the plans and capabilities of the National Guard and Reserves, and State and local governments, in plans for civil support operations. IN RESPONSE TO CATASTROPHIC INCIDENTS IN THE UNITED STATES. Support Authorized.--Part I of subtitle A of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 18 the following new chapter: ``CHAPTER 19--SUPPORT OF DOMESTIC CIVILIAN AUTHORITIES IN RESPONSE TO CATASTROPHIC INCIDENTS IN THE UNITED STATES ``Sec. ``390. Department of Defense support of domestic civilian authorities in response to catastrophic incidents in the United States. ``Sec. 390. Department of Defense support of domestic civilian authorities in response to catastrophic incidents in the United States ``In General.--Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the President, the Department of Defense shall undertake civil support operations in response to catastrophic incidents in the United States. ``Plans for Support.--For purposes of carrying out the requirement in subsection , the Secretary of Defense shall, in conjunction with the Secretary of Homeland Security, develop comprehensive plans for civil support operations. ``The plans required under this subsection shall include strategies for the use of the armed forces, including units and personnel of the regular components of the armed forces, units and personnel of the National Guard (including personnel on active duty under this title, in status under title 32, and in State status, consistent with section 1814of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 113 note)), units and personnel of the other reserve components of the armed forces, the civilian personnel of the Department of Defense, and, if the Secretary considers it appropriate for purposes of the plans, contractors of the Department of Defense. ``The plans required under this subsection shall be developed in coordination with other departments and agencies of the Federal Government with homeland security responsibilities as part of an established national planning process and shall include the development of operations plans required by section 653of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 753). ``The plans required under this subsection shall be developed to execute strategic requirements established by the Secretary of Homeland Security though an established national planning process. ``Implementation and Execution of Plans.--In implementing the plans developed under subsection , the Secretary of Defense shall-- ``ensure that-- ``the Department of Defense is organized and equipped with the capabilities and resources required to execute the plans; and ``the capabilities and resources referred to in subparagraph are available, accessible, and maintained at the appropriate readiness status to enable deployment in accordance with the plans; and ``ensure that any capabilities and resources identified under paragraph , when appropriate, train and participate in exercises, including-- ``exercises administered under the national exercise program carried out under section 648of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 748); and ``other exercises determined appropriate by the Secretary of Defense to ensure such capabilities and resources are maintained at the appropriate state of readiness. ``Budget.--The budget of the Department of Defense for any fiscal year (as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31) shall include a request for funds sufficient to carry out the requirements of this section in such fiscal year. The request for a fiscal year under this subsection shall set forth separately the following: ``Each component, program, or activity of the Department of Defense that will carry out the requirements of this section in such fiscal year. ``The amount requested for each such component, program, or activity to carry out such requirements in such fiscal year. ``Construction.--Nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting or limiting the authority of the Department of Defense to provide support operations in response to a disaster or incident that is not a catastrophic incident as otherwise provided by law. ``Reports.--Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section, and every two years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the implementation of the requirements of this section, including a discussion of the development and implementation of the plans required by subsection . ``Each report under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. ``Definitions.--In this section: ``The term `catastrophic incident' has the meaning given that term in section 501of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311). ``The term `civil support operation' means a mission performed by the Department of Defense in support of other departments or agencies of the Federal Government, State or local governments, or governments of the Commonwealths or possessions of the United States in their efforts to prevent, protect against, prepare for, respond to, and recover from natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters.''. Clerical Amendments.--The tables of chapters at the beginning of title, United States Code, and at the beginning of part I of subtitle A of such title, are each amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 18 the following new item: ``19. Support of Domestic Civilian Authorities in Response 390.''. to Catastrophic Incidents in the United States. Section 118 of title 10, United States Code, is amended-- by transferring subsection , as added by section 942of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110-181; 122 Stat. 288), to the end of such section 118 and redesignating such subsection, as so transferred, as subsection ; and by inserting after subsection , as added by section 951of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (122 Stat. 290), the following new subsection: ``Consideration of Department of Defense Roles and Responsibilities in Responding to Catastrophic Incidents.--The first national security strategy and national defense strategy prepared after the date of the enactment of this subsection shall include guidance for military planners-- ``to determine the appropriate roles and responsibilities of the Department of Defense, in coordination with and in support of the Department of Homeland Security and other departments and agencies of the Federal Government with homeland security responsibilities and with State, local, and tribal governments, in responding to catastrophic incidents; ``to update defense plans based on such determinations, including working with the Department of Homeland Security and other departments and agencies of the Federal Government with homeland security responsibilities in responding to such incidents; and ``to develop the capabilities needed to execute such plans. ``The first quadrennial defense review prepared after the date of the enactment of this subsection shall examine the capabilities of the armed forces to support civil authorities in responding to catastrophic incidents. ``In this subsection: ``The term `catastrophic incident' has the meaning given that term in section 501of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311). ``The term `national security strategy' means the annual national security strategy report of the President under section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 404a).''. Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act may be construed-- to modify the restrictions on the role of the Department of Defense in law enforcement operations within the United States; to affect the authority of the Governor of a State to respond to a natural disaster, act of terrorism, or other man- made disaster within the United States; or to affect the authority of the Governor of a State to exercise command and control over the National Guard of that State while in State status or in title 32, United States Code, status. In this Act: The term ``catastrophic incident'' has the meaning given that term in section 501of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311). The term ``civil support operation'' means a mission performed by the Department of Defense in support of other departments or agencies of the Federal Government, State or local governments, or governments of the Commonwealths or possessions of the United States in their efforts to prevent, protect against, prepare for, respond to, and recover from natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters. There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "ensuring defense support to catastrophic incident response act of 2008". sec. 2. findings. congress makes the following findings: (1) the united states faces real threats of man-made and natural disasters which could result in catastrophic consequences to the nation, its resources, and its people. because of the scale of the potential consequences of these threats, they may constitute threats to national security and will require the full range of federal resources to save lives, minimize human suffering, protect property, and mitigate damage. (2) because of its manpower, communications, logistics, and other capabilities, the department of defense is uniquely suited to provide critical support to other departments and agencies of the federal government, state and local governments, and governments of the commonwealths and possessions of the United states. (3) planning and preparation for and execution of civil support operations in responding to catastrophic incidents in support of the Department of homeland security and state andlocal governments is a national security issue. (4) a successful response to catastrophic events in the united States requires coordinated strategic plans and detailed operational plans with specific tasking and sourcing. the department is uniquely qualified to provide strategic plans for civil support Operations. (5) the national guard and reserves are a critical component of the national defense. (6) the federal defense is a strategic and tactical issue. the federal military is a tactical issue and the national security is a critical strategic issue. The department of national security requires strategic plans. (7) the department and the united state is a strategically and strategically positioned national defense issue.(8) a strategic plans are a strategic plan. the plan is a coordinated strategic plan and detailed strategic plans with individual tasking, sourcing.the department of the department must develop such plans and should maintain the required units and assets at the appropriate level of readiness in order to deliver the capabilities which will be required in a response led by the department. (9) the defense is prepared for and prepared for the capabilities of the homeland security. (10) the military is prepared to execute the capabilities. (11) the armed forces are prepared to provide the homeland- related capabilities. " (12) the country is a homeland-related issue. "13) the secretary of defense and the United States northern command must therefore consider the plans and capabilities of a national guard, and the state andLocal governments, in plans for Civil support operations. sec. 3. department of Defense support of domestic civilian authorities in response to the catastrophic incidentsto execute the plans; and " (b) the capabilities and resources referred to in subparagraph (a) are available, accessible, and maintained at the appropriate readiness status to enable deployment in accordance with the plans and "(2) ensure that any capabilities and resource identified under paragraph (1) (a), when appropriate, train and participate in exercises, including-- " (a- exercises administered under the national exercise program carried out under section 648 (b), of the post-katrina emergency management reform act of 2006 (6 u.s.c. 748 (a)); and " " (B) other exercises determined appropriate by the secretary of defense to ensure such capabilities and capabilities are maintained at an appropriate state of readiness. " (d) budget. --the budget of the department of defense for any fiscal year (as submitted to congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31) shall include a request for funds sufficient to carry out the requirements of this section in such fiscal year. the request for a fiscal year under this subsection shall set forth separately the following: "(1) each component, program, or activity of the Department of defense that will carry out its requirements of the requirements for this section. "(2-3) the amount requested for such component, programs, or activities of the departments and agencies of the United States, and (4-5) the amounts requested for each such component and program, and the amount required for each component and activity to carry Out the requirements in such Fiscal year. (e) construction. --nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting or limiting the authority of the defense to provide support operations in response to a disaster or incident that is not a catastrophic incident as otherwise provided by law. (f) reports. --(1) not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this subsection, and every two years thereafter, the secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of congress a report on the implementation of the requirement of this provision, including a discussion of the development and implementation of such requirements in the development of the plans required by subsection (b). "(g) reports under this section, and each report under this paragraph shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. "(g, definitions. --in this section: "(2" the term 'catastrophic incident' has the meaning given that term in section 501(3) of the homeland security act of 2002 (6 U.s., the homeland Security act of 2001 (6) and the nationalincluding working with the department of homeland security and other departments and agencies of the federal government with homeland security responsibilities in responding to such incidents; and " (c) to develop the capabilities needed to execute such plans. "(2) the first quadrennial defense review prepared after the date of the enactment of this subsection shall examine the capabilities of the armed forces to support civil authorities in responding and responding to catastrophic incidents. "(3) in this subsection: " (a) the term 'catastrophic incident' has the meaning given that term in section 501(3) of the homeland security act of 2002 (6 u.s.c. 311(3)). " (b) the terms 'national security strategy' means the annual national security strategy report of the president under section 108 of the national security act, 1947 (50 U.s.,c. 404a). ". sec. 5. rule of construction. nothing in this act or the amendments made by this act may be construed-- (1) to modify the restrictions on the role of the state of the defense in law enforcement operations within the united states; (2) to affect the authority of the governor of a state to respond to a natural disaster, act of terrorism, or other man- made disaster within the United States; or (3) to alter the restrictions imposed by the act. sec. 6. definitions. in this Act: (1)(a) to amend the restrictions placed on the roles of the department or the department in lawenforcement operations withinthe united states. (2- to affect (1), to affect, modify the roles and authority of a director of a department of defense in the state to react to or control over the national guard of that state while in state status or in title 32, united states code, status, status and sec. 7. authorization of appropriations. there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this act and the amendments make by this Act. in the term "catastrophe incident" has the definition given that word in section 5(3)(a), the homeland Security act of 2001 (6 o.s,c. 310(3)). (1, the term, "civil support operation" means a mission performed by the Department of defense or a mission operated by the department, department of national government, state or local governments, or governments of the commonwealths or possessions of the united States in their efforts to prevent, protect against, prepare for, respond to, and recover from natural</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6429204344749451</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>28</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Energy Security Act of 2011''. In this Act: Administrator.--The term ``Administrator'' means the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Council.--The term ``Council'' means the National Energy Security Council established by section 4. National energy security program.--The term ``national energy security program'' means the national energy security program established by section 3. National oil independence goal.--The term ``national oil independence goal'' means the national oil independence goal established under section 3. National oil independence plan.--The term ``national oil independence plan'' means the national oil independence plan established under section 3. Establishment.--There is established in the Executive Office of the President the national energy security program. Mission.--The mission of the national energy security program shall be to coordinate the activities and policies of the Federal Government to ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that the United States meets-- goals for reducing oil dependence, oil imports, and oil consumption; and other energy policy goals, including goals for-- enhancing the competitiveness of the United States in clean energy technology; strengthening clean energy technology manufacturing in the United States; reducing greenhouse gas emissions; and reducing hazardous pollutants. National Oil Independence Goal.-- In general.--Subject to paragraph , it is the goal of the United States to reduce oil consumption by the quantity that is equal to or greater than the quantity of oil imported by the United States from outside of North America by calendar year 2030 (as compared to the rate of oil consumption projected for calendar year 2030 as of the date of enactment of this Act). Adjustments.--The President, in consultation with the Council-- may adjust the numeric goal for calendar year 2030 established under paragraph ; shall ensure that any new goal established under subparagraph represents the maximum practicable oil savings achievable, taking into account other benefits of reducing oil consumption (including economic, security, and environmental benefits) and costs or other economic effects; and if any new goal established under subparagraph is lower than the goal established under paragraph , shall establish an additional goal for reducing oil consumption in the United Sates by a quantity that is equal to or greater than the quantity of oil imported by the United States from outside of North America on the fastest timeline practicable, taking into account other benefits of reducing oil consumption (including economic, security, and environmental benefits) and costs or other economic effects. National Oil Independence Plan.-- In general.--The President, in coordination with the Council and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall-- develop a national oil independence plan that describes programs and activities that will be implemented to meet or exceed the national oil independence goal and other goals established pursuant to subsection ; submit the national oil independence plan to Congress not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act; and submit an updated national oil independence plan to Congress every 2 years thereafter. Review of federal policies, programs, and authorities.--Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the President, in coordination with the Council and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall review existing programs and authorities of the Federal Government and other applicable policies (including tax policies) to determine-- which programs, authorities, or policies could be used to accelerate reductions in oil dependence; and any means by which the programs, authorities, or policies-- could be used to maximize reductions in oil dependence; or would require modification in order to be used to maximize reductions in oil dependence; and which programs, authorities, or policies have the effect of increasing oil consumption and oil dependence or otherwise create barriers to reducing oil consumption and oil dependence; and the manner by which the programs, authorities, or policies-- have the effect of encouraging oil consumption or oil dependence or otherwise create barriers to reducing oil consumption and oil dependence; and could be modified or eliminated to help meet the goal of reducing oil consumption and oil dependence. Contents.--At a minimum, the national oil independence plan shall-- describe the results and conclusions of the review conducted under paragraph ; as appropriate, include-- the use of programs, authorities, or policies described in paragraph ; and if existing authority allows, proposals to modify or eliminate programs, authorities, or policies described in paragraph ; include recommendations to Congress for legislation that would further-- promote reductions in oil consumption and oil dependence; reduce barriers to reducing oil consumption and oil dependence; and help meet the energy policy goals of the United States; include a timetable for achieving the national oil independence goal, including interim targets on not less than a biennial basis; a plan for coordinating actions across the Federal Government to ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that the national oil independence goal is met; and a timeline for issuing rules, Executive orders, or other policy instruments that will implement the recommendations contained the national oil independence plan. Annual Requests to Congress.--When submitting annual budget requests to Congress, the President shall include-- requests for sufficient funding for such programs the President considers appropriate to implement the national oil independence plan; and if the amount of funding is not sufficient to meet the national oil independence goal, a description of the amount of funding that would be necessary to meet the goal; requests for such additional authorities or changes to existing laws or authorities as the President considers appropriate in order to implement the national oil independence plan; and if the amount of funding is not sufficient to meet the national oil independence goal, a description of such additional authority or changes to existing laws or authorities as would be necessary to meet the goal; and a report on the oil consumption and imports of the United States relative to the national oil independence goal and the interim targets and timelines established in the national oil independence plan. Establishment.--There is established in the Executive Office of the President a National Energy Security Council. Mission.--The mission of the Council shall be to assist and advise the President in-- establishing the national oil independence goal in numeric terms of barrels per day of oil consumption, based on the most recent consumption estimates by the Energy Information Administration; meeting the national oil independence goal; developing the national oil independence plan and the requests described in section 3; coordinating the policies, programs, and activities of the national energy security program in order to implement the national oil independence plan and meet the national oil independence goal; and ensuring that policy decisions and programs are consistent with the energy policy goals of the United States. Membership.--The membership of the Council shall consist of-- the Secretary of Energy; the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs; the Secretary of Transportation; the Administrator; the Secretary of the Treasury; the Director of the National Economic Council; the Secretary of Agriculture; the Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality; the Secretary of State; and the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy. Chair.--The President shall act as Chair of the Council. Authorization of Appropriations.--There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as are necessary."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "energy security act of 2011". sec. 2. definitions. in this act: (1) administrator. --the term "administrator" means the administrator of the environmental protection agency. (2) council. --there is established in the executive office of the president the national energy security council established by section 4. (3) national energy Security program. (a) establishment. (b) establishment, --the executive officeof the president, in consultation with the director of the office of management and budget, shall-- (a, in coordination with the president of the executive offices of the council, shall- (b), establish the national Energy Security council established under section 4 (c). (3 (d). sec. 3. National energy security program. -- the term "national energy security plan" meansthe national energy management program established by sections 3. (4) national oil independence goal. --a, the term (a), means the national oil security goal established under sections 3 (b). (5) national economic independence plan. --(a) executive office. --in coordination with executive office, the president may- (c) establish in the Executive Office of the President, the national security program established in section 3 (c), and (d) establishment in the president's office the national economic security program (a). (b, establishment. -- --the president may - establishment. the nationalenergy security program shall be to coordinate the activities and policies of the federal government to ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that the united states meets-- (1" goals for reducing oil dependence, oil imports, and oil consumption; and (2- other energy policy goals, including goals for-- (b- enhancing the competitiveness of the united States in clean energy technology; (b/ strengthening clean energy policy manufacturing in the united state; (c/d) strengthening the competitiveness in the United states; (e) strengthening clean power technology manufacturing inthe united states; or (c(d) reducing greenhouse gas emissions; and) reducing hazardous pollutants. (c’s national energy independence goal.) -- (1). national oil energy goal. -subject to paragraph (2), it is the goal of theunited states to reduce oil consumption by the quantity that is equal to or greater than the quantity of oil imported by the unitedstates from outside of north america by calendar year 2030 (as compared to the rate of oil consumption projected for calendar year 2010 as of(i) could be used to maximize reductions in oil dependence; or (ii) would require modification in order to be used. (1) --the programs, authorities, or policies described in paragraph (2) (a); or (2). --the program, authorities or policies describe in paragraph(2) and (b) the manner by which the programs are used to reduce oil consumption and oil dependence. (2), the programs and authorities, and (3) the programs, authority, or policy described in paragraphs (2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,8) and the manner in which the program, officials, or programs-- (i) have the effect of encouraging oil consumption or oil dependence or otherwise create barriers to reducing oil consumption; and (ii). -- the programs or authorities described in the paragraph (3,3) and paragraphs (4, 5,6) and 8,9 (8,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,16) contents. --at a minimum, the national oil independence plan shall-- (a) describe the results and conclusions of the review conducted under paragraph (1); (b), as appropriate, include-- (c) the use of programs, Authorities, or Policies described in subparagraph (2); and (d) include, if existing authority allows, proposals to modify or eliminate programs,Authorities, or laws described inparagraph (2; or proposals to amend or eliminate program, Authorities; or policies. --the plan shall include, at a minimum; (b); (c), include recommendations to congress for legislation that would further-- (I) promote reductions in crude consumption and crude dependence; (ii" reduce barriers to reduced oil consumption, oil dependence, and otherwise create obstacles to reducing the energy policy goals of the united states; (i). help meet the energypolicy goals of those united states. (d). include a timetable for achieving the national energy independence goal, including interim targets on not less than a biennial basis; (e) a plan for coordinating actions across the federal government to ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that the national economic independence goal is met; and, (f) a timeline for issuing rules, executive orders, or other policy instruments that will implement the recommendations contained the national petroleum independence plan. (e. annual requests to congress. --when submitting annual budget requests to Congress, the president shall include--(1) (b)(a) requests for sufficient(9) the secretary of state; and (10) the director of the office of science and technology policy. (d) chair. --the president shall act as chair of the council. (e) authorization of appropriations. --there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as are necessary. -- there are authorized for the president to act as chairman of this council such sums are necessary, and there are appropriated to be authorized to carryout this section any sums as were necessary.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6751980185508728</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>29</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Return of Talent Act''. In General.--Title III of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 317 the following: ``temporary absence of persons participating in the return of talent program ``Sec. 317A. In General.--The Secretary of Homeland Security shall establish the Return of Talent Program to permit eligible aliens to temporarily return to the alien's country of citizenship in order to make a material contribution to that country if the country is engaged in post-conflict reconstruction activities, for a period not exceeding 24 months, unless an exception is granted under subsection . ``Eligible Alien.--An alien is eligible to participate in the Return of Talent Program established under subsection if the alien meets the special immigrant description under section 101. ``Family Members.--The spouse, parents, siblings, and any children of an alien who participates in the Return of Talent Program established under subsection may return to such alien's country of citizenship with the alien and reenter the United States with the alien. ``Extension of Time.--The Secretary of Homeland Security may extend the 24-month period referred to in subsection upon a showing that circumstances warrant that an extension is necessary for post- conflict reconstruction efforts. ``Residency Requirements.--An immigrant described in section 101who participates in the Return of Talent Program established under subsection , and the spouse, parents, siblings, and any children who accompany such immigrant to that immigrant's country of citizenship, shall be considered, during such period of participation in the program-- ``for purposes of section 316, physically present and residing in the United States for purposes of naturalization within the meaning of that section; and ``for purposes of section 316, to meet the continuous residency requirements in that section. ``Oversight and Enforcement.--The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall oversee and enforce the requirements of this section.''. Table of Contents.--The table of contents for the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 317 the following: ``317A. Temporary absence of persons participating in the Return of Talent Program.''. Section 101of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101) is amended-- in subparagraph , by inserting a semicolon after ``Improvement Act of 1998''; in subparagraph , by striking the period and inserting ``; or''; and by adding at the end the following: ``an immigrant who-- ``has been lawfully admitted to the United States for permanent residence; ``demonstrates an ability and willingness to make a material contribution to the post-conflict reconstruction in the alien's country of citizenship; and ``as determined by the Secretary of State in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security-- ``is a citizen of a country in which Armed Forces of the United States are engaged, or have engaged in the 10 years preceding such determination, in combat or peacekeeping operations; or ``is a citizen of a country where authorization for United Nations peacekeeping operations was initiated by the United Nations Security Council during the 10 years preceding such determination.''. Not later than 24 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report to Congress that describes-- the countries of citizenship of the participants in the Return of Talent Program established under section 2; the post-conflict reconstruction efforts that benefited, or were made possible, through participation in the program; and any other information that the Secretary of Homeland Security determines to be appropriate. Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall promulgate regulations to carry out this Act. There is authorized to be appropriated to the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services for each of the fiscal years 2004 and 2005, such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "return of talent act". sec. 2. return of talent program. (a) in general. --title iii of the immigration and nationality act (8 u.s.c. 1401 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 317 the following: "temporary absence of persons participating in the return of Talent program. ". sec. 3. return to talent program, (a)(27) (n). --the secretary of homeland security shall establish the return- talent program to permit eligible aliens to temporarily return to the alien's country of citizenship in order to make a material contribution to that country if the country is engaged in post-conflict reconstruction activities, for a period not exceeding 24 months, unless an exception is granted under subsection (d). " (b) eligible alien. --an alien is eligible to participate in the returning of talent programs established under subsection, if the alien meets the special immigrant description under section 101 (a), or if the aliens meet the requirements of section 101. " (c) family members. --the spouse, parents, siblings, and any children of an alien who participates in the re-entry into such alien who may return to such alien's countries of citizenship with the alien and reenter the united states with the immigrant. "(d) extension of time. --a secretary of Homeland security may extend the 24-month period referred to in subsection (a if the immigrant meets the Special immigrant description as section 101,27) or the corresponding immigrant description (a). "(c) member of the family members, who may accompany such alien to such immigrant's country, and the spouse, parent, sibling, and other children who accompany such immigrant to that immigrant's Country of citizenship, may return the United states with such alien. "(e) extension. --this secretary of security shall provide the following information about the special immigrants described in section 101 and 27) (27) and the corresponding alien may re-enter the United States with the foreign nationals. "(f) period of participation in the program. "(a) period in time. (b). --a period of time referred to by the secretary of state in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security. "c) residency requirements. "an immigrant described in sections 101 (b)(27), and the spouses, parents of such immigrant, and those children who accompanied such immigrant in that immigrant, shall be considered, during such period of Participation in the Program-- "(1)</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.7414307594299316</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>30</ROW><BILL>"SURVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS OF VETERANS. Termination of Durational Limitation on Use of Educational Assistance.-- Termination of limitation and restatement of continuing requirements.--Subsection of section 3511 of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ``Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter or chapter 36 of this title, any payment of educational assistance described in paragraph shall not be charged against the entitlement of any individual under this chapter. ``The payment of educational assistance referred to in paragraph is the payment of such assistance to an individual for pursuit of a course or courses under this chapter if the Secretary finds that the individual-- ``had to discontinue such course pursuit as a result of being ordered to serve on active duty under section 688, 12301, 12301, 12301, 12302, or 12304 of title 10; and ``failed to receive credit or training time toward completion of the individual's approved educational, professional, or vocational objective as a result of having to discontinue, as described in subparagraph , the course pursuit.''. Conforming amendments.--The heading of section 3511 of such title is amended to read as follows: ``Sec. 3511. Treatment of certain interruptions in pursuit of programs of education''. Section 3532of such title is amended-- by striking paragraph ; and by redesignating paragraph as paragraph . Section 3541 of such title is amended to read as follows: ``Sec. 3541. Special restorative training ``The Secretary may, at the request of an eligible person-- ``determine whether such person is in need of special restorative training; and ``if such need is found to exist, prescribe a course which is suitable to accomplish the purposes of this chapter. ``A course of special restorative training under subsection may, at the discretion of the Secretary, contain elements that would contribute toward an ultimate objective of a program of education.''. Section 3695of such title is amended by striking ``35,''. Extension of Delimiting Age of Eligibility for Dependents.-- Section 3512of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ``twenty-sixth birthday'' each place it appears and inserting ``thirtieth birthday''. Amount of Educational Assistance.-- In general.--Section 3532 of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ``Sec. 3532. Amount of educational assistance ``The aggregate amount of educational assistance to which an eligible person is entitled under this chapter is $80,000, as increased from time to time under section 3564 of this title. ``Within the aggregate amount provided for in subsection , educational assistance under this chapter may be paid for any purpose, and in any amount, as follows: ``A program of education consisting of institutional courses. ``A full-time program of education that consists of institutional courses and alternate phases of training in a business or industrial establishment with the training in the business or industrial establishment being strictly supplemental to the institutional portion. ``A farm cooperative program consisting of institutional agricultural courses prescheduled to fall within forty-four weeks of any period of twelve consecutive months that is pursued by an eligible person who is concurrently engaged in agricultural employment which is relevant to such institutional agricultural courses as determined under standards prescribed by the Secretary. ``A course or courses or other program of special educational assistance as provided in section 3491of this title. ``A program of apprenticeship or other on-job training pursued in a State as provided in section 3687of this title. ``In the case of an eligible spouse or surviving spouse, a program of education exclusively by correspondence as provided in section 3686 of this title. ``A special training allowance for special restorative training as provided in section 3542 of this title. ``If a program of education is pursued by an eligible person at an institution located in the Republic of the Philippines, any educational assistance for such person under this chapter shall be paid at the rate of $0.50 for each dollar. ``Subject to paragraph , the amount of educational assistance payable under this chapter for a licensing or certification test described in section 3501of this title is the lesser of $2,000 or the fee charged for the test. ``In no event shall payment of educational assistance under this subsection for such a test exceed the amount of the individual's available entitlement under this chapter.''. Conforming amendments.--Section 3533 of such title is amended to read as follows: ``Sec. 3533. Tutorial assistance ``An eligible person shall, without any charge to any entitlement of such person to educational assistance under section 3532of this title be entitled to the benefits provided an eligible veteran under section 3492 of this title.''. Section 3534 of such title is repealed. Section 3542 of such title is amended-- in subsection , by striking ``computed at the basic rate'' and all that follows through the end of the subsection and inserting a period; and in subsection , by striking ``an educational assistance allowance'' and inserting ``educational assistance''. Section 3543of such title is amended-- in paragraph , by adding ``and'' at the end; by striking paragraph ; and by redesignating paragraph as paragraph . Section 3564 of such title is amended by striking ``rates payable under sections 3532, 3534, and 3542'' and inserting ``aggregate amount of educational assistance payable under section 3532''. Paragraph of section 3565of such title is amended to read as follows: ``educational assistance payable under section 3532 of this title, including the special training allowance referred to in subsection of such section, shall be paid at the rate of $0.50 for each dollar; and''. Section 3687 of such title is amended-- in subsection -- in the matter preceding paragraph , by striking ``or an eligible person (as defined in section 3501of this title)''; and in the flush matter following paragraph , by striking ``chapters 34 and 35'' and inserting ``chapter 34''; in subsection , by striking ``chapters 34 and 35'' and inserting ``chapter 34''; and in subsection , by striking paragraph and inserting the following new paragraph : ``In this subsection, the term `individual' means an eligible veteran who is entitled to monthly educational assistance allowances payable under section 3015of this title.''. Other Conforming Amendments.--Section 3524 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ``allowance'' each place it appears. Section 3531 of such title is amended-- in subsection , by striking ``an educational assistance allowance'' and inserting ``educational assistance''; and in subsection , by striking ``allowance''. The heading of such section is amended by striking ``allowance''. Section 3537of such title is amended by striking ``additional''. Clerical Amendments.--The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 38, United States Code, is amended-- by striking the item relating to section 3511 and inserting the following new item: ``3511. Treatment of certain interruptions in pursuit of programs of education.''; by striking the items relating to section 3531, 3532, and 3533 and inserting the following new items: ``3531. Educational assistance. ``3532. Amount of educational assistance. ``3533. Tutorial assistance.''; by striking the item relating to section 3534; and by striking the item relating to section 3541 and inserting the following new item: ``3541. Special restorative training.''. Effective Dates.--The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Notwithstanding the effective date under paragraph of the amendment to section 3564 of title 38, United States Code, made by subsection , the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall make the first increase in the aggregate amount of educational assistance under section 3532 of such title as required by such section 3564 (as so amended) for fiscal year 2006."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. expansion and enhancement of educational assistance for survivors and dependents of veterans. (a) termination of durational limitation and restatement of continuing requirements. (b) expansion and expansion of education assistance for veterans. -- (a)(1) termination and restational limitation on use of educational Assistance. --(1) termin of limitation on restatment of continuing requirement. --subsection (a), of section 3511 of title 38, united states code, is amended to read as follows: " (a(1)(1)(a) notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter or chapter 36 of this title, any payment of educational or courses under this chapter is not to be charged against the entitlement of any individual under this title. "(2) the Payment of Educational Assistance referred to in paragraph (1) is the payment of such assistance to an individual for pursuit of a course or courses. --section 3511(a) of title 3511, united States code, states as amended by striking "35,". (c) the secretary may, at the discretion of the secretary, determine that an individual has to discontinue the course pursuit if the secretary finds that the individual-- " (1)(b) had to discontinuate such course pursuit as a result of being ordered to serve on active duty under section 688, 12301 (a", 12301,d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304 of title 10; and " (B) failed to receive credit or training time toward completion of the individual's approved educational, professional, or vocational objective as a direct result of having to retire, as described in subparagraph (a). " (b)(1), and failed to obtain credit or train time toward completing the individual’s approved educational or professional, if the individual has failed to complete the course or course pursuit. ". (2) conforming amendments. -- section 3510 of such title, states code. -- "a) the heading of section3511of such title is amended by read as "sec. 3511. treatment of certain interruptions in pursuit of programs of education". (b" section 3532(g) of such titles is amended-- (i) by striking paragraph (2); and (ii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4). (C) section 3541 of such book is amended, read as follow: "sec." 3541. special restorative training " (A) the Secretary may, during the request of an eligiblepursued in a state as provided in section 3687 (a) of this title. "(6) in the case of an eligible spouse or surviving spouse, a program of education exclusively by correspondence as provided by section 3686 (a)(5) of the title. " (7) a special training allowance for special restorative training as provided for in section 3501 (a), and "educational assistance allowance" as per section 3542 of this Title. (c) if a programs of education is pursued by an eligible person at an institution located in the republic of the philippines, any educational assistance for such person under this chapter shall be paid at the rate of $0.50 for each dollar. " " (d)(1) subject to paragraph (2), the amount of educational assistance payable under this section for a licensing or certification test described in section3501 (b)(4) and the fee charged for the test. "(2) in no event shall payment of educational Assistance under this subsection for such a test exceed the amounts of the individual's available entitlement under the amount. ". (2) conforming amendments. --(a) section 3533 of such title is amended to read as follows: "sec. 3533.1.1". (b) conformed amendments. (a, section 3532 of such titles is amended. (b, c) subjectto paragraph (1) to read that "a" section 3534 of such as the title is repealed. (d) section 3492 of such Title is amended by striking "sec." 3533 (a).1.3.2.3". (c, d) section 3333 of this chapter is amended-- (i) in subsection (1), by striking a "computed at the basic rate" and all that follows through the end of the subsection and inserting a period; and (ii) in paragraph (b), by inserting "a) educational assistance allowance for educational assistance allowances payable under section 3015 (e) of section 3531 (b). ". (d, c, and (e-c) section 3434 of the same title is modified. (e, section 3442 of such "a), by "c" in the "council" and inserting "c) at the end; (i" in subsection "a", by striking an "advance at the beginning of the second paragraph (a); and (iii) by inserting a "adventure at the middle of the--the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 38, united states code, is amended-- (1) by striking the item relating to section 3511 and inserting the following new item: "3511. treatment of certain interruptions in pursuit of programs of education. "; (2) by strike the items relating to sections 3531, 3532, and 3533 and inserting a new item. "3532. amount of educational assistance. " 3533. tutorial assistance."; (3) by struck the item related to section 3434 and inserting new items: "3434. special restorative training.". (f) effective dates. --(1) the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this act. (2- notwithstanding the effective date under paragraph (1), the secretary of veterans affairs shall make the first increase in the aggregate amount of education assistance under section 3534; and (4) by inserting the new item, "3541. special Restorative training. ". (c) effective date. -- (1)(a) the amendment made by the secretary to section3564 shall take place on the anniversary of the effective dates of this section. (b) notwithstanding the effect of the amendment to section 2564 of title 35, united state code, made by subsection (c)(2) (e), the Secretary of veterans Affairs shall make a first increase of the aggregate number of educational Assistance under section 2532 of such title as required by such section 3564 (as so amended) for fiscal year 2006. (e) the secretaryof veterans affairs may make the next increase in that aggregate amount in the aggreg amount of the educational assistance under sections 3532 of any title as provided by such sections 3564, as so amended" for fiscal years 2006.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5233562588691711</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>31</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Strategic Withdrawal of Agencies for Meaningful Placement Act of 2018'' or ``SWAMP Act''. Repeal of Headquarters Location Requirement.--Section 72 of title 4, United States Code, is repealed. Prohibition on Location of Headquarters in Washington Metropolitan Area.--With respect to an Executive agency whose headquarters is located in the Washington metropolitan area as of the date of the enactment of this Act, no new construction or major renovations may be undertaken, or lease agreements entered into or renewed, for such headquarters after such date of enactment, except as otherwise expressly provided by law. Competitive Bidding Process for Relocation of Headquarters.-- In general.--Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall establish a process, in accordance with the requirements described in paragraph , through which-- the head of an Executive agency may submit a request for the Administrator to issue a solicitation for the relocation of the headquarters of such agency; or if determined necessary, the Administrator may issue a solicitation for the relocation of the headquarters of an Executive agency. Requirements.--With respect to any solicitation issued for the relocation of the headquarters of an Executive agency pursuant to paragraph , the Administrator of General Services shall-- allow any State and any political subdivision of a State to submit a bid for the relocation of such headquarters; provide the public with notice and an opportunity to comment on such solicitation; and in consultation with the head of such agency, select a State, or a political subdivision of a State, for the relocation of such headquarters using competitive bidding procedures that consider the following: The extent to which the relocation of such headquarters would impact the economy and workforce development of a State or political subdivision of a State. Whether a State, or a political subdivision of a State, has expertise in carrying out activities substantially similar to the mission and goals of such agency. The extent to which the relocation of such headquarters to a State, or a political subdivision of a State, would implicate national security interests. Rule of Construction.--Nothing in this Act may be construed to prohibit a political subdivision of the State of Maryland or the Commonwealth of Virginia that is located outside the Washington metropolitan area from submitting a bid under subsection . Offset allowed.--The Administrator of General Services may use the proceeds from the sale of any Federal building or land to offset the cost of relocating the headquarters of an Executive agency. No Additional Funds Authorized.--No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. Definitions.--In this section: Executive agency.--The term ``Executive agency'' has the meaning given that term in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, except that the term does not include the Executive Office of the President. Headquarters.--The term ``headquarters'' means the place or building serving as the managerial and administrative center of an Executive agency, except that the term does not include an office that the head of any such agency may maintain separately from such place or building in the Washington metropolitan area. State.--The term ``State'' means each of the 50 States. Washington metropolitan area.--The term ``Washington metropolitan area'' means the geographic area located within the boundaries of the following: The District of Columbia. Montgomery and Prince George's Counties in the State of Maryland. Arlington, Fairfax, Loudoun, and Prince William Counties and the City of Alexandria in the Commonwealth of Virginia."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "strategic withdrawal of agencies for meaningful placement act of 2018" or "swamp act". sec. 2. relocation of headquarters of executive agencies. (a) repeal of headquarters location requirement. --section 72 of title 4, united states code, is repealed. (b) prohibition on location of headquarters in washington metropolitan area. --with respect to an executive agency whose headquarters is located in the washington metro area as of the date of the enactment of this act, no new construction or major renovations may be undertaken, or lease agreements entered into or renewed, for such headquarters after such date of enactment, except as otherwise expressly provided by law. (c) competitive bidding process for relocation of Headquarters. -- (1) in general. --not later than one year after the date, the administrator of general services shall establish a process, in accordance with the requirements described in paragraph (2), through which-- (a)(a) the head of a executive agency may submit a request for the administrator to issue a solicitation for the relocation of the headquarters of such agency; or (b)(c) the administrator may issue a bid for the location of such headquarters. (2) requirements. --when the administrator is appointed to the position of executive agency pursuant to paragraph (1), the Administrator of general Services shall establish and maintain a process. --the administrator of the executive agency shall establish such process, and in the process, through which the head or an executive director may submit to the head for the Administrator to issue an solicitation for a relocation of such Agency; or the administrator will submit a bid to issue such solicitation. --(b) if determined necessary, the Administrator may issue the solicitation for any executive agency. (3) requirements, and --with regard to any solicitation issued for the relocating of the Headquarters of an executive agencies pursuant to section (1). --when appropriate, and with respect to the solicitation issued by the relocation (1, the administration of generalservices shall--(a) allow any state and any political subdivision of a state to submit a binder for a bid, or a solicitation; (b- provide the public with notice and an opportunity to comment on such solicitation; and (c’ in consultation with the head and such agency, select a state, or any political subdiv of a State, for the headquarters. --no competitive bidding procedures that consider the following: (i) the extent to which the relocation would impact the economy and workforce development of</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6193385720252991</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>32</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Minority Business Development Improvements Act of 2010''. The Director of the Minority Business Development Agency shall establish the Minority Business Development Program (in this Act referred to as the ``Program'') to assist qualified minority businesses. The Program shall provide to such businesses the following: Technical assistance. Contract procurement assistance. Certification.--For purposes of the Program, the Director may certify as a qualified minority business any entity that satisfies each of the following: Not less than 51 percent of the entity is directly and unconditionally owned or controlled by historically disadvantaged individuals. Each officer or other individual who exercises control over the regular operations of the entity is a historically disadvantaged individual. The net worth of each principal of the entity is not greater than $2,000,000. (The equity of a disadvantaged owner in a primary personal residence shall be considered in this calculation.) The principal place of business of the entity is in the United States. Each principal of the entity maintains good character in the determination of the Director. The entity engages in competitive and bona fide commercial business operations in not less than one sector of industry that has a North American Industry Classification System code. The entity submits reports to the Director at such time, in such form, and containing such information as the Director may require. Any additional requirements that the Director determines appropriate. Term of Certification.--A certification under this section shall be for a term of 5 years and may not be renewed. In General.--In carrying out the Program, the Director may provide to qualified minority businesses technical assistance with regard to the following: Writing business plans. Marketing. Management. Securing sufficient financing for business operations. Contract Authority.--The Director may enter into agreements with persons to provide technical assistance under this section. Authorization of Appropriations.--There are authorized to be appropriated $200,000,000 to the Director to carry out this section. Such sums shall remain available until expended. In General.--The Director may enter into agreements with the United States Government and any department, agency, or officer thereof having procurement powers for purposes of providing for the fulfillment of procurement contracts and providing opportunities for qualified minority businesses with regard to such contracts. Qualifications on Participation.--The Director shall by rule establish requirements for participation under this section by a qualified minority business in a contract. Annual Limit on Number of Contracts Per Qualified Minority Business.--A qualified minority business may not participate under this section in contracts in an amount that exceeds $10,000,000 for goods and services each fiscal year. Limits on Contract Amounts.-- Goods and services.--Except as provided in paragraph , a contract for goods and services under this section may not exceed $6,000,000. Manufacturing and construction.--A contract for manufacturing and construction services under this section may not exceed $10,000,000. The Director may terminate a qualified minority business from the Program for any violation of a requirement of sections 3 through 5 of this Act by that qualified minority business, including the following: Conduct by a principal of the qualified minority business that indicates a lack of business integrity. Willful failure to comply with applicable labor standards and obligations. Consistent failure to tender adequate performance with regard to contracts under the Program. Failure to obtain and maintain relevant certifications. Failure to pay outstanding obligations owed to the Federal Government. Report of the Director.--Not later than October 1, 2011, and annually thereafter, the Director shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing the activities of the Director during the preceding year with respect to the Program. Report of the Secretary of Commerce.--Not later than October 1, 2011, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing the activities the Secretary engaged in during the preceding year to build wealth among historically disadvantaged individuals. In this Act: Historically disadvantaged individual.--The term ``historically disadvantaged individual'' means any individual who is a member of a group that is designated as eligible to receive assistance under section 1400.1 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2009. Principal.--The term ``principal'' means any person that the Director determines exercises significant control over the regular operations of a business entity."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. --the term "principal" means any person that the director determines exercises significant control over the regular operations of a business entity. sec. 2. minority business development program. the director of the minority business Development agency shall establish the minoritybusiness development program (in this act referred to as the "program") to assist qualified minority businesses. the program shall provide to such businesses the following: (1) technical assistance. (2) contract procurement assistance. sec (a) certification. --for purposes of the program, the director may certify as a qualified minority business any entity that satisfies each of the following criteria: (a)(1) the majority of the entity is directly and unconditionally owned or controlled by historically disadvantaged individuals. (b) the director shall certify that the majority is not less than 51 percent of the business. (1)(a)(b) each officer or other individual who exercises control over any regular operations is a historically disadvantaged individual. (3) the net worth of each principal of the entities is not greater than $2,000,000. (the equity of a disadvantaged owner in a primary personal residence shall be considered in this calculation. ) (4) the principal place of business of the unit is in the united states. (5) each principal is in good character in the determination of the director. (6) the entity engages in competitive and bona fide commercial business operations. (7) the entities are not greater or less than one sector of industry that has a north american industry classification system code. (8) the corporation is not in the United States. (9) the corporate entity is not subject to the requirements of the federal government. (10) the company is not a corporation. (11) the business is not the corporation that has been in business for the past five years. (12) the organization is in a business that has not been in a competitive or bona fide business for five years and may not be subject to any of the requirements. (13) the executive director is a corporation that is a business in the nation. (14) the board of directors is a member of the corporation. --there are no prior years of the organization. (c) term of certification. (d) terms of certification, term of certifications. --a certification under this section shall be for a term of 5 years and May not be renewed. sec, in general. --in carrying out the program. -- in carrying out this program,the director may provide</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6652324795722961</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>33</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Climate Change Drinking Water Adaptation Research Act.''. Congress finds that-- the consensus among climate scientists is overwhelming that climate change is occurring more rapidly than can be attributed to natural causes, and that significant impacts to the water supply are already occurring; among the first and most critical of those impacts will be change to patterns of precipitation around the world, which will affect water availability for the most basic drinking water and domestic water needs of populations in many areas of the United States; drinking water utilities throughout the United States, as well as those in Europe, Australia, and Asia, are concerned that extended changes in precipitation will lead to extended droughts; supplying water is highly energy-intensive and will become more so as climate change forces more utilities to turn to alternative supplies; energy production consumes a significant percentage of the fresh water resources of the United States; since 2003, the drinking water industry of the United States has sponsored, through a nonprofit water research foundation, various studies to assess the impacts of climate change on drinking water supplies; those studies demonstrate the need for a comprehensive program of research into the full range of impacts on drinking water utilities, including impacts on water supplies, facilities, and customers; that nonprofit water research foundation is also coordinating internationally with other drinking water utilities on shared research projects and has hosted international workshops with counterpart European and Asian water research organizations to develop a unified research agenda for applied research on adaptive strategies to address climate change impacts; research data in existence as of the date of enactment of this Act-- summarize the best available scientific evidence on climate change; identify the implications of climate change for the water cycle and the availability and quality of water resources; and provide general guidance on planning and adaptation strategies for water utilities; and given uncertainties about specific climate changes in particular areas, drinking water utilities need to prepare for a wider range of likely possibilities in managing and delivery of water. UTILITIES. In General.--The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in cooperation with the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of the Interior, shall establish and provide funding for a program of directed and applied research, to be conducted through a nonprofit water research foundation and sponsored by drinking water utilities, to assist suppliers of drinking water in adapting to the effects of climate change. Research Areas.--The research conducted in accordance with subsection shall include research into-- water quality impacts and solutions, including research-- to address probable impacts on raw water quality resulting from-- erosion and turbidity from extreme precipitation events; watershed vegetation changes; and increasing ranges of pathogens, algae, and nuisance organisms resulting from warmer temperatures; and on mitigating increasing damage to watersheds and water quality by evaluating extreme events, such as wildfires and hurricanes, to learn and develop management approaches to mitigate-- permanent watershed damage; quality and yield impacts on source waters; and increased costs of water treatment; impacts on groundwater supplies from carbon sequestration, including research to evaluate potential water quality consequences of carbon sequestration in various regional aquifers, soil conditions, and mineral deposits; water quantity impacts and solutions, including research-- to evaluate climate change impacts on water resources throughout hydrological basins of the United States; to improve the accuracy and resolution of climate change models at a regional level; to identify and explore options for increasing conjunctive use of aboveground and underground storage of water; and to optimize operation of existing and new reservoirs in diminished and erratic periods of precipitation and runoff; infrastructure impacts and solutions for water treatment facilities and underground pipelines, including research-- to evaluate and mitigate the impacts of sea level rise on-- near-shore facilities; soil drying and subsidence; and reduced flows in water and wastewater pipelines; and on ways of increasing the resilience of existing infrastructure and development of new design standards for future infrastructure; desalination, water reuse, and alternative supply technologies, including research-- to improve and optimize existing membrane technologies, and to identify and develop breakthrough technologies, to enable the use of seawater, brackish groundwater, treated wastewater, and other impaired sources; into new sources of water through more cost- effective water treatment practices in recycling and desalination; and to improve technologies for use in-- managing and minimizing the volume of desalination and reuse concentrate streams; and minimizing the environmental impacts of seawater intake at desalination facilities; energy efficiency and greenhouse gas minimization, including research-- on optimizing the energy efficiency of water supply and improving water efficiency in energy production; and to identify and develop renewable, carbon- neutral energy options for the water supply industry; regional and hydrological basin cooperative water management solutions, including research into-- institutional mechanisms for greater regional cooperation and use of water exchanges, banking, and transfers; and the economic benefits of sharing risks of shortage across wider areas; utility management, decision support systems, and water management models, including research-- into improved decision support systems and modeling tools for use by water utility managers to assist with increased water supply uncertainty and adaptation strategies posed by climate change; to provide financial tools, including new rate structures, to manage financial resources and investments, because increased conservation practices may diminish revenue and increase investments in infrastructure; and to develop improved systems and models for use in evaluating-- successful alternative methods for conservation and demand management; and climate change impacts on groundwater resources; reducing greenhouse gas emissions and energy demand management, including research to improve energy efficiency in water collection, production, transmission, treatment, distribution, and disposal to provide more sustainability and means to assist drinking water utilities in reducing the production of greenhouse gas emissions in the collection, production, transmission, treatment, distribution, and disposal of drinking water; water conservation and demand management, including research-- to develop strategic approaches to water demand management that offer the lowest-cost, noninfrastructural options to serve growing populations or manage declining supplies, primarily through-- efficiencies in water use and reallocation of the saved water; demand management tools; economic incentives; and water-saving technologies; and into efficiencies in water management through integrated water resource management that incorporates-- supply-side and demand-side processes; continuous adaptive management; and the inclusion of stakeholders in decisionmaking processes; and communications, education, and public acceptance, including research-- into improved strategies and approaches for communicating with customers, decisionmakers, and other stakeholders about the implications of climate change on water supply; and to develop effective communication approaches to gain-- public acceptance of alternative water supplies and new policies and practices, including conservation and demand management; and public recognition and acceptance of increased costs. Authorization of Appropriations.--There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2009 through 2019."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "climate change drinking water adaptation research act.". sec. 2. findings. congress finds that-- (1) the consensus among climate scientists is overwhelming that climate change is occurring more rapidly than can be attributed to natural causes, and that significant impacts to the water supply are already occurring; (2) among the first and most critical of those impacts will be change to patterns of precipitation around the world, which will affect water availability for the most basic drinking water and domestic water needs; (3) drinking water utilities throughout the united states, as well as those in europe, australia, and asia, are concerned that extended changes in precipitation will lead to extended droughts; (4) supplying water is highly energy-intensive and will become more so as climate change forces more utilities to turn to alternative supplies; (5) energy production consumes a significant percentage of the fresh water resources of the United states; (6) since 2003, the drinking water industry of the united States has sponsored, through a nonprofit water research foundation, various studies to assess the impacts of climate change on drinking water supplies, facilities, and customers; (7) the study demonstrates the need for a comprehensive program of research into the full range of impacts on water utilities, including impacts on supply and demand; (8) the water utilities need more utilities, which can turn to alternatives supplies; and, energy production produces a significant proportion of the freshwater resources of all drinking water resources; and (6 ( energy production has a significant portion of the new water resources in the united state; and) since 2004, it has sponsored a nonprofit research foundation for applied research on adaptive strategies to address climate change; (9) research data in existence as of the date of enactment of this act-- (a) summarize the best available scientific evidence on climate change and the impact on drinking and supply; (b) identify the implications of climate Change for drinking water plants, including the availability and quality of water utilities; (c) provide general guidance on planning and adaptation strategies for water utilities. (d) that nonprofit water utilities are also coordinating internationally with other drinking water utility on shared research projects and has hosted international workshops with counterpart european and asian water research organizations to develop a unified research agenda for applied Research on adaptive strategy to address the impacts; (d). (9). research data. --the research dataIn existence as the date and enactment of the act-- a) summarize and identify the best known scientific(4) infrastructure impacts and solutions for water treatment facilities and underground pipelines, including research-- (a) to evaluate and mitigate the impacts of sea level rise on-- (i) near-shore facilities; (ii) soil drying and subsidence; and (iii) reduced flows in water and wastewater pipelines; and,b) on ways of increasing the resilience of existing infrastructure and development of new design standards for future infrastructure; (5) desalination, water reuse, and alternative supply technologies, including-- (c) to improve and optimize existing membrane technologies, and to identify and develop breakthrough technologies, to enable the use of seawater, brackish groundwater, treated wastewater, and other impaired sources; (b) into new sources of water through more cost- effective water treatment practices in recycling and desalinating; and/c)to improve technologies for use in-- (1) managing and minimizing the volume of desalinated and reuse concentrate streams and (2) minimizing the environmental impacts of seawaters intake at desalinate facilities; and— (2,3) minimizing seawater intake at realination facilities, and (4,4,5,6) energy efficiency and greenhouse gas minimization, including Research--(a) on optimizing the energy efficiency of water supply and improving water efficiency in energy production; and-b) to identify, develop renewable, carbon- neutral energy options for the water supply industry; (7) regional and hydrological basin cooperative water management solutions, includingResearch-- (b- to identify the energy efficient and greenhouse gases minimization of water demand and water supply; (i-to identify and improve water efficiency and energy efficiency in water supply, including water supply management tools for the energy production industry; and(b)to identify, identify, design, and develop renewable and carbon-neutral energy options; (6) regional, hydrolrological, and hydropower cooperative water supply solutions,including research into-- (A) institutional mechanisms for greater regional cooperation and use of water exchanges, banking, and transfers; and “b) the economic benefits of sharing risks of shortage across wider areas; (8) water supply supply uncertainty and adaptation strategies posed by climate change, including climate change; (9) utility management, decision support systems, and water management models, including the economic costs of supply and demand management models; (a- into improved decision support system and modeling tools for use by water utility managers to assist with increased water supply uncertainty, adaptation strategies, and adaptation strategy posed</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5675800442695618</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>34</ROW><BILL>"In General.--Section 163 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to deduction for interest) is amended by redesignating subsection as subsection and by inserting after subsection the following new subsection: ``Limitation on Corporate Interest Payments.-- ``In general.--Except as provided in paragraph , in the case of a corporation, the amount otherwise allowed as a deduction under this chapter for interest paid or accrued during the taxable year by such corporation shall be reduced by 20 percent. ``Exception for certain corporations.-- ``In general.--Paragraph shall not apply for any taxable year to any corporation the earnings and profits of which for such taxable year (computed as of the close of the taxable year without diminution by reason of any dividend distributions made during such taxable year) do not exceed the lesser of-- ``the corporation's tax liability under this chapter for such taxable year (determined after the application of paragraph ), or ``$100,000. ``Controlled group.--For purposes of subparagraph , all component members of a controlled group (as defined in section 179) shall be treated as 1 corporation. ``Exception for farming businesses.--Paragraph shall not apply to any corporation substantially all of the assets of which are used in the active conduct of a farming business (as defined in section 448).''. Effective Date.--The amendment made by subsection shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 1993. General Rule.--Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to special deductions for corporations) is amended by striking the table of sections and section 241 and inserting the following: ``Subpart A. Dividend paid deduction. ``Subpart B. Dividend received deduction. ``Subpart C. Miscellaneous provisions. `` ``In addition to the deductions provided in part VI (section 161 and following), there shall be allowed as deductions in computing taxable income the items specified in this part. ``Subpart A--Dividend Paid Deduction ``Sec. 231. Dividend paid deduction. ``Sec. 232. Qualified dividend account. ``Sec. 233. Ineligible corporations. ``Sec. 234. Special rules. `` ``Allowance of Deduction.--In the case of a corporation, there shall be allowed as a deduction an amount equal to 50 percent of the dividends paid by such corporation during the taxable year. ``Limitation Based on Amount in Qualified Dividend Account.-- The amount of the dividends paid during any taxable year which may be taken into account under subsection shall not exceed the amount in the corporation's qualified dividend account as of the close of such taxable year determined after the application of section 232for the taxable year but before the application of section 232for such taxable year. `` ``Establishment of Account.--Each corporation shall establish a qualified dividend account. The opening balance of such account shall be zero. ``Adjustments to Accounts.--As of the close of each taxable year beginning after January 1, 1993, the qualified dividend account-- ``shall be increased by the adjusted taxable income of the corporation for the taxable year, and ``shall be reduced by the amount of the dividends paid by the corporation during the taxable year to the extent the amount so paid does not exceed the limitation of section 231. ``Adjusted Taxable Income.--For purposes of this section-- ``In general.--The term `adjusted taxable income' means taxable income adjusted as provided in this subsection. ``Adjustment for certain qualifying dividends.--Taxable income shall be increased by the deduction allowed under section 243 with respect to that portion of any qualifying dividend (as defined in section 243) for which such deduction is determined at a rate of less than 100 percent. Similar rules shall apply in the case of dividends for which deductions are allowable under section 245. ``Adjustment for tax credits.-- ``In general.--Taxable income shall be reduced by the deduction equivalent of the tentative nonrefundable credits for the taxable year. ``Deduction equivalent.--For purposes of subparagraph , the deduction equivalent of the tentative nonrefundable credits for any taxable year is the amount which (if allowed as a deduction for the taxable year) would reduce the tax liability (as defined in section 26) for the taxable year by an amount equal to the tentative nonrefundable credits. ``Tentative nonrefundable credits.--For purposes of this paragraph, the term `tentative nonrefundable credits' means the amount of the credits which would have been allowable under part IV of subchapter A of this chapter for the taxable year (other than the credit allowable under section 34) if no deduction were allowable under section 231. ``Adjustment for corporate minimum tax.--If tax is imposed by section 55 on the corporation for any taxable year, taxable income for the succeeding taxable year shall be increased by an amount equal to \35/100\ of the amount of tax so imposed. ``Dividend paid deduction not taken into account.-- Taxable income shall be determined without regard to the deduction allowed under section 231. `` ``General Rule.--No deduction shall be allowed under section 231 with respect to any dividend paid by-- ``a regulated investment company, ``a real estate investment trust, ``an S corporation, ``any organization taxable under subchapter T of this chapter (relating to cooperative organizations), or ``a FSC or DISC. ``Foreign Corporations.--In the case of a foreign corporation-- ``no deduction shall be allowed under section 231 for dividends paid by such corporation during any taxable year unless the corporation meets the requirements of section 245for such taxable year, ``only adjusted taxable income effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States and attributable to the uninterrupted period referred to in section 245shall be added to the qualified dividend account, and ``any distribution shall be treated as made ratably out of income effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States and other income. `` ``Certain Distributions Not Treated as Dividends.--For purposes of this subpart, the term `dividend' does not include-- ``any distribution in redemption of stock, in liquidation, or in a reorganization (whether or not such distribution is treated as a distribution to which section 301 applies), and ``any dividend described in section 244 (relating to dividends received on certain preferred stock). ``Deduction Not Taken Into Account for Purposes of Certain Limitations Based on Taxable Income.--For purposes of sections 246, 613, 613A, and 593, taxable income shall be determined without regard to the deduction allowed under section 231. ``Treatment of Dividends Received by 5-Percent Tax-Exempt Shareholders.-- ``In general.--For purposes of part III of subchapter F (relating to taxation of unrelated business income of certain exempt organizations), any dividend received by a tax-exempt organization from a corporation in which such organization is a 5-percent shareholder shall be treated as unrelated business taxable income to the extent of the amount of the deduction allowable under section 231 to such corporation with respect to such dividend. Except as provided in regulations, the amount of such deduction shall be determined on the basis of the return filed by the corporation for the taxable year. ``Definitions.--For purposes of this subsection-- ``5-percent shareholder.--The term `5-percent shareholder' means any tax-exempt organization which owns (or is considered as owning within the meaning of section 318)-- ``5 percent or more (by value) of the outstanding stock of the corporation, or ``stock possessing 5 percent or more of the total combined voting power of all stock of the corporation. ``Tax-exempt organization.--The term `tax- exempt organization' means any organization which is exempt from the tax imposed by this chapter. ``Related entities.--A tax-exempt organization and 1 or more other tax-exempt organizations which have-- ``significant common purposes and substantial common membership, or ``directly or indirectly substantial common direction or control, shall be treated as 1 tax-exempt organization for purposes of this paragraph. ``Treatment of Subsequent Adjustments.--If there is any adjustment which affects the amount of the adjusted taxable income of a corporation for any taxable year (whether by reason of any carryback to such taxable year or otherwise) for purposes of this subpart and subpart B, the amount of such adjustment shall be treated as made as of the close of such taxable year. ``Allocation of Qualified Dividend Account in Corporate Separations, Reorganizations, and Redemptions.--Adjustments similar to the adjustments provided in subsection or of section 312 shall be made to the qualified dividend account in the case of a transaction described in either of such subsections. ``Mutual Life Insurance Companies.-- ``General rule.--In the case of a mutual life insurance company, for purposes of this subpart, 80 percent of the differential earnings amount (as defined in section 809) shall be treated as a dividend paid to a shareholder. ``Regulations.--The Secretary may prescribe regulations applying rules consistent with this subpart to mutual life insurance companies. Such regulations may include rules treating an appropriate portion of the recomputed differential earnings amount (as defined in section 809) as an adjustment to the amount described in paragraph . ``Subpart B--Dividend Received Deduction ``Sec. 243. Dividends received by corporations. ``Sec. 244. Dividends received on certain preferred stock. ``Sec. 245. Dividends received from certain foreign corporations. ``Sec. 246. Rules applying to deductions for dividends received. ``Sec. 246A. Dividends received deduction reduced where portfolio stock is debt financed. ``Sec. 247. Dividends paid on certain preferred stock of public utilities.''. Compensatory Withholding Tax on Dividends Paid to Nonresident Aliens or Foreign Corporations.-- General rule.--Subpart D of part II of subchapter N of chapter 1 (relating to miscellaneous provisions) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new section: `` DEDUCTION. ``General Rule.--In addition to any tax imposed by section 871 or 881, there is hereby imposed a tax equal to 30.4 percent of the dividends received from sources within the United States by a nonresident alien individual or foreign corporation. ``Tax Not To Apply to Shareholder's Effectively Connected Items.--The tax imposed by this section shall not apply to any dividend to the extent such dividend is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business by the shareholder within the United States. ``Corresponding Increase in Withholding Tax.--In the case of any dividend subject to tax under subsection , the tax imposed by section 1441 or 1442 (as the case may be) shall be increased by an amount equal to the applicable percentage of such dividend. ``Exception for Certain Treaty Countries.--The tax imposed by subsection shall not apply to any dividend paid to a resident or corporation of a foreign country during any period-- ``in which an income tax treaty between such country and the United States is in effect, and ``during which there is in effect a certification by the Secretary that-- ``such income tax treaty has adequate provisions to prevent treaty shopping, and ``if such foreign country imposes an income tax comparable to the tax imposed by this subtitle and grants relief from such tax to its residents, such country grants relief equivalent to that provided in section 231 with respect to dividends paid to United States persons. The requirements of paragraph shall not apply to dividends paid before January 1, 1994.''. Clerical amendment.--The table of sections for subpart D of part II of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new item: ``Sec. 899. Additional tax on dividends to reflect dividend paid deduction.''. Section 381 To Apply to Qualified Dividend Account.--Subsection of section 381 (relating to items of the distributor or transferor corporation) is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph: ``Qualified dividend account.--Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, the acquiring corporation shall take into account (to the extent proper to carry out the purposes of this section and subpart A of part VIII of subchapter B of this chapter) the qualified dividend account of the distributor or transferor corporation.''. Clerical Amendment.--Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 247 the following: ``Subpart C--Miscellaneous Provisions ``Sec. 248. Organizational expenditures. ``Sec. 249. Limitation on deduction of bond premium on repurchase.''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. limitation on interest deduction allowed corporations. (a) in general. --section 163 of the internal revenue code of 1986 (relating to deduction for interest) is amended by redesignating subsection (k) as subsection (l) and by inserting after subsection (j) the following new subsection: " (k" limitation on corporate interest payments. -- "(1) ingeneral. --except as provided in paragraph (2), in the case of a corporation, the amount otherwise allowed as a deduction under this chapter for interest paid or accrued during the taxable year by such corporation shall be reduced by 20 percent. "(2) exception for certain corporations. -- " (a, general. -paragraph (1) shall not apply for any taxable year to any corporation the earnings and profits of which for such taxable year (computed as of the close of the taxed year without diminution by reason of any dividend distributions made during such taxable day) do not exceed the lesser of-- " (i) the corporation's tax liability under this section for such tax liability for such taxed year (determined after the application of paragraph (1)), or " (ii) $100,000. " (b) controlled group. --for purposes of subparagraph (a), all component members of a controlled group (as defined in section 179 (d)(7)) shall be treated as 1 corporation. "(3) exception. --paragraph (a). --paragraph " (c) shall apply to the corporation substantially all of the assets of which are used in the active conduct of a farming business (as determined after the applied of paragraph 1)), or “ (ii (100,00. " " (n) $200,000, " ( b) controlled groups. -- for purposes ofparagraph (c), all components members of the controlled group are treated as one corporation. "(a), the component members (as of the closing of the tax year, or " " "(c) " (1 corporation. --part viii of subchapter b of chapter 1 of the Internal revenue codeof 1986 (Relating to special deductions for corporations) is amend by striking the table of sections and section 241 and inserting the following: "subpart b. dividend received deduction. "sec. 230. allowance of special deductions. "in addition to the deductions provided in part vi (section 161 and following), there shall be allowed as deductions in computing taxable income the items specified in this part. "the rest of the special rules. sec. 231. special--the term 'adjusted taxable income' means taxable income adjusted as provided in this subsection. "(2) adjustment for certain qualifying dividends. --taxable income shall be increased by the deduction allowed under section 243 with respect to that portion of any qualifying dividend (as defined in section 243 (b)(1)) for which such deduction is determined at a rate of less than 100 percent. similar rules shall apply in the case of dividends for which deductions are allowable under section 245 (b). "(3) adjustment. -- " (a) in general. -- taxable income will be reduced by the deductions allowed under the deduction equivalent of the tentative nonrefundable credits for the taxable year. " (b) deduction equivalent. --for purposes of subparagraph (a), the deduction equated of any tax credit for any taxable year is the amount which (if allowed as a deduction for the tax year) would reduce the tax liability (as measured in section 26 (b)) for the taxed year by an amount equal to the tentative Nonrefundables credits. " " (c) deduction equal. -- for purposes of this paragraph, the term 'tentative nonrefondable credits' means the amount of the credits which would have been allowable under part iv of subchapter a of this chapter for the same taxable year (other than the credit allowable under sections 34) if no deduction were allowable underSection 231. "(4) adjustment of corporate minimum tax. --if tax is imposed by section 55 on the corporation for any taxed year, taxable income for the succeeding taxable year shall be reduced (as indicated in section 55) by the amount corresponding to the tax credit allowable in section 34. "(c) tentative nonRefundable credit. --after purposes of subsection (a, "for the tax paid deduction for any tax year, the amount allowable under the tax allowable under Section 231. "" (4) adjusted taxable income. --the term " taxable income" means the tax payable under section 55. -- if tax is applied by section55 on the Corporation for any taxation year, " taxable Income for the exceeding taxable year, taxed income for a succeeding taxable day shall be increase by an proportion equal to \\\\35/100\\\50\\\100\\\\\40\\\10\\\20\\\30\\\1\\\2\\\3\\\5\\\" of the amounts of tax so imposed. "(5) dividend paid deduction not taken into account. -- taxable income shall not be determined without regard(a) 5-percent shareholder. --the term '5-percentholder' means any tax-exempt organization which owns (or is considered as owning within the meaning of section 318)-- " (i) 5 percent or more (by value) of the outstanding stock of the corporation, or " (ii) stock possessing 5 percent of the total combined voting power of all stock of a corporation. " (b) tax- exempt organization. -- the term 'tax- exempt organizations' meansany organization which is exempt from the tax imposed by this chapter. " " (c) related entities. --a tax-or-related organization and 1 or more other tax-undefined organizations which have-- " (a) significant common purposes and substantial common membership, or (ii" directly or indirectly substantial common direction or control, shall be treated as 1 tax-free organization for purposes of this paragraph. “ (d) treatment of subsequent adjustments. --if there is any adjustment which affects the amount of the adjusted taxable income of any corporation for any taxable year (whether by reason of any carryback to such taxable year or otherwise) for purposes, the amount is treated as made as of the close of such taxable day. "(e) treatment. --in the case of any adjustment that affects the amounts of any taxable income for any tax year, or if there are any adjustments which affect the amount and the adjusted tax income of a corporate, or any taxable period (whether for any period of time, whether for any reason of the carryback or such taxable calendar year, otherwise) or otherwise, the amounts are treated as if the amount was made as made by this subpart and subpart b, the same amount of such adjustment shall be made as as of of the closing of such tax year. " "(e) allocation of qualified dividend account in corporate separations, reorganizations, and redemptions. --adjustments similar to the adjustments provided in subsection (h) or (n)(7) of section 312 shall be make to the qualified dividend accounts in the case- a transaction described in either of such subsections. "(f) mutual life insurance companies. -- "(1) general rule. -- in the name of a mutual life life insurance company, for purposes OF this subPart, 80 percent of a differential earnings amount (as defined in section 809 (a)(3)) shall be considered as a dividend paid to a shareholder. "(2) regulations. --there may prescribe regulations applying rules consistent with this subparts to"(1) in which an income tax treaty between such country and the united states is in effect, and "(2) during which there is in place a certification by the secretary that-- " (a) such income tax Treaty has adequate provisions to prevent treaty shopping, and " (b) if such foreign country imposes an incometax comparable to the tax imposed by this subtitle and grants relief from such tax to its residents, such country grants relief equivalent to that provided in section 231 with respect to dividends paid to united states persons. the requirements of paragraph (2) shall not apply to dividends Paid before january 1, 1994.". (2 (2- clerical amendment. --the table of sections for subpart d of part ii of subchapter n of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end thereof the following new item: "sec. 899. additional tax on dividends to reflect dividend paid deduction. ". (c) section 381 to apply to qualified dividend account. --subsection (c- of section 38 1 (relating to items of the distributor or transferor corporation) is amended with adding at- end thereof a new paragraph: "(27) qualified dividend accounts. --under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, the acquiring corporation shall take into account (to the extent proper to carry out the purposes of this section and subpart a of part viii of sub chapter b of this chapter) the qualified dividend (or) of the distribution or transferr corporation. ".. (d) clerical amendments. --part viii (c), section 391 (in the form of a subchapter b of chapter 2) is amend by inserting after section 247 the following: "subpart c--miscellaneous provisions "sec." 248. organizational expenditures. " sec. 249. limitation on deduction of bond premium on repurchase. ". ". ".</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6220030784606934</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>35</ROW><BILL>"Congress finds the following: According to a 2003 Government Accountability Office report, even after accounting for factors such as occupation, industry, race, marital status, job tenure, and differing work patterns, all of which affect earnings, women are paid, on average, 80 cents compared to every dollar that men are paid. According to the same report, the earnings gap between men and women has persisted without statistically significant changes for the past two decades. According to a 2001 report by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the earnings gap among working men and women is widest among parents. Some women choose to trade advancing in their careers or higher earnings for a job offering the flexibility to manage family responsibilities alongside work. According to a 2001 Government Accountability Office study, in 1995 and 2000, female full-time managers earned less than their male counterparts. According to the same study, in 7 of the 10 industries studied, the earnings gap between female and male full-time managers actually widened between 1995 and 2000. Women make up 46 percent of the workforce but represent just 12 percent of all corporate officers. A reason for the continuing earnings disparity might be discrimination as to which roles are considered acceptable for men and women and how women are viewed in the workplace. According to the February 2004 Monthly Labor Review of the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the Department of Labor projects that the United States work force is growing at a rate of 1 percent per year, in part due to the continually increased presence of women. Establishment.--The Secretary of Labor shall make a grant to an eligible university to establish the ``Center for the Study of Women and Workplace Policy'' (referred to in this Act as the ``Center''). Use of Funds.-- Compilation and analysis of data.--The Center established under subsection shall compile and analyze available data and data sets on the difference between the earnings of men and women, including the Panel Study of Income Dynamic housed at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, and to identify factors which affect differences in earnings. Dissemination of findings.--The Center shall-- disseminate its findings annually to the public, using a website and any other appropriate means; and maintain a website to serve as a clearinghouse for the data and findings of relevant recent studies. Best practices guides.--Each year, the Center shall publish one best practices guide, as follows: Best practices guide for businesses.--Not later than one year after the Center is established under subsection , the Center shall publish a best practices guide for businesses containing recommended guidelines for-- workplace equity; retaining women in the workplace; and promoting a family-friendly workplace. Best practices guide for families.--Not later than one year after the publication of the best practices guide for businesses under subparagraph , the Center shall publish a best practices guide for families, containing information about-- the policies of various employers relating to workplace equity, retaining women in the workplace, and promoting a family- friendly workplace; strategies for addressing inequity in the workplace; and recent findings on inequity in the workplace. Subsequent editions.--The Center shall update, revise, and publish a subsequent edition of each of the best practices guides under subparagraphs and once every two years after the initial publication of each guide. Eligible University.--In this Act, the term ``eligible university'' means a public university-- with a school of public policy, a school of business, a center devoted to the education of women, and social research facilities; at which research is conducted on-- gender differences and levels of achievement in the careers of faculty members employed by institutions of higher education; work experiences of non-tenure-track faculty members employed by such institutions; policies of such institutions with respect to work and family for tenure-track faculty members; and the number of women employed as chief executive officers and directors at large publicly-held companies; and which has designed or is in the process of designing a national clearinghouse for information concerning gender differences and levels of achievement in the careers of faculty members and work and family policies and issues affecting faculty members which includes citations to research and examples of relevant policies and practices. Report.--Not later than 12 months after receiving a grant under this Act, the recipient shall submit to the Secretary and to Congress a report documenting how the university used the grant funds and evaluating the level of success of the Center funded by the grant. Amount of Grant.--For each of fiscal years 2006 through 2010, the Secretary shall provide a grant in the amount of $1,000,000 to an eligible university to carry out this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. findings. congress finds the following: (1) according to a 2003 government accountability office report, even after accounting for factors such as occupation, industry, race, marital status, job tenure, and differing work patterns, all of which affect earnings, women are paid, on average, 80 cents compared to every dollar that men are paid. (2) according the same report, the earnings gap between men and women has persisted without statistically significant changes for the past two decades. (3) according a 2001 report by the bureau of labor statistics, the income gap among working men andWomen is widest among parents. (4) some women choose to trade advancing in their careers or higher earnings for a job offering the flexibility to manage family responsibilities alongside work. (5) accordingto a 2001 government accountability Office study, in 1995 and 2000, female full-time managers earned less than their male counterparts. (6) according according to the same study, even though women are more likely to work in the same industry, the gender gap between female and male full time managers actually widened between 1995 and 2005. (7) women make up 46 percent of the workforce but represent just 12 percent of all corporate officers. (8) a reason for the continuing earnings disparity might be gender discrimination as to which roles are considered acceptable for men and female and how women are viewed in the workplace. (9) According to the february 2004 monthly labor review of the Bureau of labor Statistics, in 7 of the 10 industries studied, the earned earnings gap among female- male full- time managersactually widened between1995 and 2000. ( 7) women made up 46percent of the workplace but represent Just 12 percent for all corporate officer. (10) women are also less likely to be employed than men in the workforce. (11) a number of reasons for the continued earnings disparity could be discrimination. --the reason for this continuing earnings gap might be discrimination as a to which gender are considered unacceptable for men or women and more women are view in the workplaces. (n9)according to the fbruary 4 monthly labor reviewed of the bureau's labor statistics. -- the department of labor projects that the united states work force is growing at a rate of 1 percent per year, in part due to the continually increased presence of women. sec. 2. center for the study of women and workplace policy. (a) establishment. --in this act, the secretary of labor shall make a grant to an eligible university to establish the "center for the Study of womenthe careers of faculty members employed by institutions of higher education; (b) work experiences of non-tenure-track faculty members occupied by such institutions; (c) policies of such institutions with respect to work and family for tenure-track and tenure-graduate faculty members; (d) the number of women employed as chief executive officers and directors at large publicly-held companies; and (3) the United States Department of Education, which has designed or is in the process of designing a national clearinghouse for information concerning gender differences and levels of achievement in the careers of staff members and work-family policies and issues affecting faculty members which includes citations to research and examples of relevant policies and practices. (d. report. --not later than 12 months after receiving a grant under this act, the recipient shall submit to the secretary and to congress a report documenting how the university used the grant funds and evaluating the level of success of the center funded by the grant. (e) amount of grant. --for each of fiscal years 2006 through 2010, the secretary shall provide a grant in the amount of $1,000,000 to an eligible university to carry out this act. -- for each of the fiscal years 2008 through 2010 and for the year after receiving the grant, the Secretary shall provide the grant to a recipient of $500,000. (f) grant to the recipient of a grant to carryout this act and --for the year before receiving the award, the fund shall provide $1 million,000 and the grant shall be distributed. (g) grant.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.7112027406692505</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>36</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Small Business Access to Capital Act of 2009''. Section 7of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636) is amended-- in paragraph -- in clause , by striking ``75 percent'' and inserting ``90 percent''; and in clause , by striking ``85 percent'' and inserting ``90 percent''; and in paragraph , by striking ``$1,500,000 (or if the gross loan amount would exceed $2,000,000'' and inserting ``$4,500,000 (or if the gross loan amount would exceed $5,000,000''. LOAN PROGRAM. Section 502of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Refinancing not involving expansions.-- ``In general.--A project that does not involve the expansion of a small business concern may include the refinancing of existing indebtedness if-- ``the amount of the financing is not more than 80 percent of the value of the collateral for the financing; ``the small business concern has been in operation for all of the 2- year period ending on the date of the financing; ``the existing indebtedness was not incurred during the 2-year period ending on the date of the financing; ``the existing indebtedness is not subject to a guarantee by any Federal agency; and ``for a loan for which the Administrator determines there will be an additional cost for making a loan that includes the refinancing of the existing indebtedness, the borrower agrees to pay a fee in an amount equal to the anticipated additional cost. ``No job creation goals.--A financing may be approved under this subparagraph regardless of whether the project meets the job creation goals under subsection or of section 501.''. Marketing, Management, and Technical Assistance Grants.-- Section 7of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636) is amended-- in subparagraph -- in the first sentence, by striking ``and subject to subparagraph ''; and in the second sentence-- by striking ``each intermediary meeting the requirements of subparagraph '' and inserting ``an intermediary''; and by striking ``25 percent'' and inserting ``50 percent''; by striking subparagraph ; and by striking subparagraph . Microloan Amounts.--Section 7of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636) is amended-- in paragraph , by striking ``$35,000'' and inserting ``$50,000''; in paragraph , by striking ``$35,000'' each place it appears and inserting ``$50,000''; and in paragraph , by striking ``$35,000'' and inserting ``$50,000''. Section 502of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696) is amended-- in clause , by striking ``$1,500,000'' and inserting ``$5,000,000''; in clause , by striking ``$2,000,000'' and inserting ``$5,000,000''; and in clause , by striking ``$4,000,000'' and inserting ``$5,500,000''. Section 355 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 689d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Investment Limitations.-- ``Definition.--In this subsection, the term `covered New Markets Venture Capital company' means a New Markets Venture Capital company-- ``granted final approval by the Administrator under section 354on or after March 1, 2002; and ``that has obtained a financing from the Administrator. ``Limitation.--Except to the extent approved by the Administrator, a covered New Markets Venture Capital company may not acquire or issue commitments for securities under this title for any single enterprise in an aggregate amount equal to more than 10 percent of the sum of-- ``the regulatory capital of the covered New Markets Venture Capital company; and ``the total amount of leverage projected in the participation agreement of the covered New Markets Venture Capital.''. INSTITUTES OF HEALTH. Title VIII of division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111-5; 123 Stat. 176) is amended in the matter under the heading ``office of the director'' under the heading ``National Institutes of Health'' under the heading ``DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES'', by inserting after ``638:'' the following: ``Provided further, That not later than September 30, 2010, of the amount appropriated under this heading, $150,000,000 shall be obligated to be expended with the programs of the National Institutes of Health described in the previous proviso:''. Section 506of division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111-5; 123 Stat. 157) is amended by striking ``but shall not include'' and all that follows through ``enactment of this Act''. Amendments.-- Section 7business loans.--Section 7of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636) is amended-- in paragraph -- in clause , by striking ``90 percent'' and inserting ``75 percent''; and in clause , by striking ``90 percent'' and inserting ``85 percent''; and in paragraph , by striking ``$4,500,000'' and inserting ``$3,750,000''. Low interest refinancing under the local development business loan program.--Section 502of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696) is amended by striking subparagraph . Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2010."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "small business access to capital act of 2009". sec. 2. section 7 (a) business loans. section 5 (a)(a) of the small business act (15 u.s.c. 636 (a)) is amended-- (1) in paragraph (2) (a)-- (a" in clause (i), by striking "75 percent" and inserting "90 percent"; and (1, in paragraph 2) (b) (c) in the second sentence, by striking "$1,500,000 (or if the gross loan amount would exceed $2,000,000" and "50 percent"; (2, in clause 2) in clause 3) in order (a), and (3) in subparagraph (i) and (4) in section (a, by inserting "75%" and striking "85 percent" or inserting "50%"; and, in the third sentence (a-a), by inserting "$5,000", and inserting "$6,500" and (a)- (a). sec. 3. low interest refinancing under the local development business loan program. section 502(7) (7)(a) (15 U.S.C. 696(7)) (15) is amended by adding at the end the following: " " (c)(1) refinancing not involving expansions. -- " (i). --a project that does not involve the expansion of a small business concern may include the refinancing of existing indebtedness if-- " (a(i) the amount of the financing is not more than 80 percent of the value of the collateral for the financing; " (ii) the small Business concern has been in operation for all of the 2- year period ending on the date of financing; and " (iii) the existing indebtednesses was not subject to a guarantee by any federal agency; and (iv) the project that includes the financing will not be subject to any federal agencies; and, " (v) for a loan for which the administrator determines there will be an additional cost for making a loan that includes a refinancing, the borrower agrees to pay a fee in an amount equal to the anticipated additional cost. " (vi) the financing may be approved under this subparagraph regardless of whether the financing has been approved under subsection (d) or (e) of section 501.". sec. 4. microloans. -- section 7(m)(sec. 6. new markets venture capital company investment limitations. section 355 of the small business investment act of 1958 (15 u.s.c. 689d) is amended by adding at the end the following: " (e) investment limitations, " "(1) definition. --in this subsection, the term 'covered new markets joint capital company' means a new markets Venture capital company-- " (a) granted final approval by the administrator under section 354 (e)(e) on or after march 1, 2002; and " (b) that has obtained a financing from the administrator. "(2) limitation. --except to the extent approved by the Administrator, a covered new markets ventures venture capital companies may not acquire or issue commitments for securities under this title for any single enterprise in an aggregate amount equal to more than 10 percent of the sum of-- " " (c) the regulatory capital of the covered new market venture capital, and " " "b) the total amount of leverage projected in the participation agreement of the covering new markets capital. ". sec. 7. extramural research and development budget of the national institutes of health. title viii of division a of the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009 (public law 111-5; 123 stat. 176) is amend in the matter under the heading "office of the director" under the head "national institutesof health" underthe heading "department of health and human services", by inserting after "638(n)(1):" the following:" "provided further, that not later than september 30, 2010, of the amount appropriated under this heading, $150,000,000 shall be obligated to be expended with the programs of the public institutes and reinvestments act of 2010 (public Law 111-4; 123 Stat. 176).". sec. 8. business stabilization program. section 506 (c), of divisiona of the executive branch of the American recovery and reorganized act of 2008 (public laws 111-1; 123 min. 157) is edited by striking "but shall not include" and all that follows through "enactment of this act". sec, 8. self-funded programs. --section 506(c) of the self-funding program of the US government (15 U.S.C. 636 (a)) is amended. --the "regulatory research and research program of 2009" under "public law 110-5, 123 stat, 157) and amended by</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.47543588280677795</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>37</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``National Commission on Fairness in the Workplace Act''. Congress finds that-- there is an increasing trend toward the use of part- time workers; part-time jobs often have no or limited health or pension benefits and few labor protections; there is a trend toward the creation of more part-time jobs than full-time jobs; questions have been raised regarding the impact of part-time employment on wage levels, benefits, earning potential, and productivity; and a Federal commission should be established to conduct a thorough study of all matters relating to the impact of part- time employment on wage levels, benefits, earning potential, and productivity and to study the practice of providing different wage and benefit levels to part-time and full-time workers. Establishment.--There is established a commission to be known as the National Commission on Fairness in the Workplace (hereafter referred to in this Act as the ``Commission''). Membership.--The Commission shall be composed of 9 members of whom-- 3 shall be appointed by the President; 3 shall be appointed by the President pro tempore of the Senate, upon the recommendation of the Majority and Minority Leaders of the Senate; and 3 shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. Period of Appointment; Vacancies.--Members shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. Any vacancy in the Commission shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. Initial Meeting.--Not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of the Commission have been appointed, the Commission shall hold its first meeting as directed by the President. Meetings.--After the initial meeting, the Commission shall meet at the call of the Chairperson. Quorum.--A majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. Chairperson and Vice Chairperson.--The Commission shall select a Chairperson and Vice Chairperson from among its members. Study.-- In general.--The Commission shall conduct a comprehensive study of the impact of part-time employment in the United States. Matters to be studied.--The matters to be studied by the Commission under paragraph shall include-- a review of the trend toward creation of more part-time than full-time jobs; an assessment of the relationship between part- time work and wage levels, benefits, earning potential, and productivity; and a review of the practice of providing different wage and benefit levels to part-time and full-time workers. Report.--No later than 12 months after the Commission holds its first meeting, the Commission shall submit a report on the study to the President and Congress. The report shall contain a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the Commission, together with its recommendations for such legislation and administrative actions as it considers appropriate. Hearings.--The Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out its duties of this Act. Information From Federal Agencies.--The Commission may secure directly from any Federal department or agency such information as the Commission considers necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act. Upon request of the Chairperson of the Committee, the head of such department or agency shall furnish such information to the Commission. Compensation of Members.--Each member of the Commission who is not otherwise an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which such member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Commission. Each member of the Commission who is otherwise an officer or employee of the United States shall serve without compensation in addition to that received for services as an officer or employee of the United States. Travel Expenses.--The members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of service for the Commission. Staff.-- In general.--The Chairperson of the Commission may, without regard to the civil service laws and regulations, appoint and terminate an executive director and such other additional personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to perform its duties. The employment and termination of an executive director shall be subject to confirmation by a majority of the members of the Commission. Compensation.--The executive director shall be compensated at a rate not to exceed the rate payable for a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. The Chairperson may fix the compensation of other personnel without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, relating to classification of positions and General Schedule pay rates, except that the rate of pay for such personnel may not exceed the rate payable for a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. Detail of government employees.--Any Federal Government employee, with the approval of the head of the appropriate Federal agency, may be detailed to the Commission without reimbursement, and such detail shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status, benefits, or privilege. Procurement of Temporary and Intermittent Services.--The Chairperson of the Commission may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individuals not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. There are authorized to be appropriated to the Commission such sums as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this Act. Any sums appropriated shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until expended. The Commission shall terminate 30 days after submission of its report under section 4."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "national commission on fairness in the workplace act". sec. 2. findings. congress finds that-- (1) there is an increasing trend toward the use of part- time workers in the united states; (2) part-time jobs often have no or limited health or pension benefits and few labor protections; (3) there are increasing trends toward the creation of more part-tim jobs than full-time workers; (4) questions have been raised regarding the impact of the part-times employment on wage levels, benefits, earning potential, and productivity; and (5) a federal commission should be established to conduct a thorough study of all matters relating to the impact on part-Time employment on wages levels, wages, earning power, and productive; and to study the practice of providing different wage and benefit levels to part-part-time and full-tim workers. sec. 3. establishment of commission. (a) establishment. --there is established a commission to be known as the national commission on fair in the employment (hereafter referred to in this act as the commission). (b) membership. --the commission shall be composed of 9 members of whom-- 1) 1 shall be appointed by the president pro tempore of the senate, upon the recommendation of the majority and minority leaders of the house of representatives; and 2) 3 shall be elected by the majority of the members of the commission. --a) commission. -the commission may be known by the name of the federal commission. the commission may also refer to the "commission"). sec. 4. duties of the Commission. (c) commission, (a), commission, commission, member. --members shall be self-appointed. (b, c) commission of commission, the commission, self- appointed. --c) member. (d) commission (a, c, d) commission as directed by the vice president pro temore of congress; (c, d, e) commission in the commission; (e) commission commission, in consultation with the majority leader of the House of representatives, in order of the minority leader of Congress; (d, d), d, d. commission, d., d, and d. d. (e, d; d) d.d. --d) initial meeting. --not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of a commission have been appointed, the Commission shall hold its first meeting as directed in the presidenteach member of the commission who is otherwise an officer or employee of the united states shall serve without compensation in addition to that received for services as an officer and employee of a united states. (b) travel expenses. --the members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter i of chapter 57 of title 5, united states code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of service for the commission. (c) staff. -- (1) in general. -- the chairperson of the commissions may, without regard to the civil service laws and regulations, appoint and terminate an executive director and such other additional personnel as may be necessary to enable the commission to perform its duties. the employment and termination of an executive Director shall be subject to confirmation by a majority of the members of Congress. (2) compensation. --each executive director shall be compensated at a rate not to exceed the rate payable for a position at level v of the executive schedule under section 5316 of title. --any other personnel may be compensated for a job at level V of the Executive schedule under sections 5317 of such title, except that the commission may fix the compensation of other personnel. the commission shall be responsible for any compensation paid for such personnel. (3) compensation for other personnel and other personnel, except for the rate of pay for such persons may not exceed the rates payable for the position at Level v of a position under section 3109 of title 3, united States code. (4) compensation of government employees. -- --any federal government employee, with the approval of the head of the appropriate federal agency, may be detailed to the commission without reimbursement, and such detail shall be without delay. the compensation is not subject to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter iii of chapter 53 of the title 5. united states codes, relating to classification of positions and general schedule pay rates, exceptthat the rateof pay for those personnel may not meet the rate paid for a positions at level 0 of the senior schedule under category 5316of such title. (a) detail of government officials. --ANY federal government worker, with a approval of a head of a federal government employees, may provide detailed tothe commission without payment, and any detail shall not be without interruption or loss of civil service status, benefits, or privilege. (d) procurement of temporary and intermittent services. --there are authorized to procure temporary and interim services under section 2</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6219542622566223</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>38</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Propane Education and Research Act of 1993''. The Congress finds that-- propane gas, or liquefied petroleum gas, is an essential energy commodity providing heat, hot water, cooking fuel, and motor fuel among its many uses to millions of Americans; the use of propane is especially important to rural citizens and farmers, offering an efficient and economical source of gas energy; propane has been recognized as a clean fuel and can contribute in many ways to reducing the pollution in our cities and towns; and propane is primarily domestically produced and its use provides energy security and jobs for Americans. For the purposes of this Act-- the term ``Council'' means the Propane Education and Research Council created pursuant to section 4 of this Act; the term ``industry'' means those persons involved in the production, transportation, and sale of propane, and in the manufacture and distribution of propane utilization equipment, in the United States; the term ``industry trade association'' means an organization exempt from tax, under section 501or of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, representing the propane industry; the term ``odorized propane'' means propane which has had odorant added to it; the term ``producer'' means the owner of the propane at the time it is recovered at a manufacturing facility; the term ``propane'' means a hydrocarbon whose chemical composition is predominantly C&lt;SUP&gt;3H&lt;SUP&gt;8, whether recovered from natural gas or crude oil; the term ``public member'' means a member of the Council, other than a representative of producers or retail marketers, representing significant users of propane, public safety officials, academia, the propane research community, or other groups knowledgeable about propane; the term ``qualified industry organization'' means the National Propane Gas Association, the Gas Processors Association, a successor association of such associations, or a group of retail marketers or producers who collectively represent 25 percent of the volume of propane sold or produced in the United States; the term ``retail marketer'' means a person engaged primarily in the sale of odorized propane to the ultimate consumer or to retail propane dispensers; the term ``retail propane dispenser'' means a person who sells odorized propane to the ultimate consumer but is not engaged primarily in the business of such sales; and the term ``Secretary'' means the Secretary of Energy. Creation of Program.--The Secretary shall conduct a referendum as soon as possible among producers and retail marketers to authorize the creation of the Propane Education and Research Council and the levying of an assessment on odorized propane. Voting rights in such referendum shall be based on the volume of propane sold or produced in the previous calendar year or other representative period. Upon approval of those persons representing two-thirds of the total volume of propane voted in the retail marketer class and two-thirds of all propane voted in the producer class, the Secretary shall issue an order establishing the Council. All persons voting in the referendum shall certify to the Secretary the volume of propane represented by their vote. Termination.--On the Secretary's own initiative, or on petition of the Council or of producers and retail marketers representing 35 percent of the volume of propane in each class, the Secretary shall hold a referendum to determine whether the industry favors termination or suspension of the order issued under subsection . Termination or suspension shall not take effect unless it is approved by persons representing more than one-half of the total volume of odorized propane in the retail marketer class and more than one-half of the total volume of propane in the producer class. Appointment of Members.--Upon issuance of an order by the Secretary under section 4establishing the Propane Education and Research Council, the Secretary shall select all retail marketer and producer members of the Council from a list of nominees submitted by qualified industry organizations. Nominees need not be members of a qualified industry organization. The public members of the Council shall be appointed by the Secretary. Vacancies in unfinished terms of Council members shall be filled in the same manner as were the original appointments. Representation.--In making nominations and appointments to the Council, the qualified industry organizations and the Secretary shall give due regard to selecting a Council that is representative of the industry, including representation of-- gas processors and oil refiners among producers; interstate and intrastate operators among retail marketers; large and small companies among producers and retail marketers; and diverse geographic regions of the country. Membership.--The Council shall consist of 21 members, with 9 members representing retail marketers, 9 members representing producers, and 3 public members. Other than the public members, Council members shall be full-time employees or owners of businesses in the industry. No employee of a qualified industry organization or other industry trade association shall serve as a member of the Council, and no member of the Council may serve concurrently as an officer of the Board of Directors of a qualified industry organization or other industry trade association. Only one person at a time from any company or its affiliate may serve on the Council. Compensation.--Council members shall receive no compensation for their services, nor shall Council members be reimbursed for expenses relating to their service, except that public members, upon request, may be reimbursed for reasonable expenses directly related to their participation in Council meetings. Terms.--Council members shall serve terms of 3 years and may serve not more than 2 full terms. Members filling unexpired terms may serve not more than a total of 7 years. Former members of the Council may be returned to the Council if they have not been members for a period of 2 years. Initial appointments to the Council shall be for terms of 1, 2, and 3 years, staggered to provide for the election of 7 members each year. Functions.--The Council shall develop programs and projects and enter into contracts or agreements for implementing this Act, including programs to enhance consumer safety, to provide for research and development of clean and efficient propane utilization equipment, to inform and educate the public, to develop and preserve markets for propane, and to provide for the payment of the costs thereof with funds collected pursuant to this Act. The Council shall coordinate its activities with industry trade association and others as appropriate to provide efficient delivery of services and to avoid unnecessary duplication of activities. Administration.--The Council shall select from among its members a Chairman and other officers as necessary, may establish committees and subcommittees of the Council, and shall adopt rules and bylaws for the conduct of business and the implementation of this Act. The Council shall establish procedures for the solicitation of industry comment and recommendations on any significant plans, programs, and projects to be funded by the Council. The Council may establish advisory committees of persons other than Council members. Employees; Administrative Expenses.--The Council may employ a person to serve as Chief Executive Officer and such other employees as it considers necessary. The Council shall determine the compensation and duties of each employee, and shall protect the handling of Council funds through fidelity bonds. The administrative expenses of operating the Council shall not exceed 10 percent of the funds collected in any fiscal year. Budget.--Before August 1 each year, the Council shall publish for industry review and comment a budget plan for the next calendar year, including the probable costs of all programs, projects, and contracts and a recommended rate of assessment sufficient to cover such costs. Following this review and comment, the Council shall submit the proposed budget to the Secretary. The Secretary shall recommend any changes the Secretary considers appropriate to the budget after an opportunity for public comment. Records; Audits.--The Council shall keep minutes, books, and records that clearly reflect all of the acts and transactions of the Council and regularly report such information to the Secretary, along with such other information as the Secretary may require. The books of the Council shall be audited by a certified public accountant at least once each fiscal year and at such other times as the Council may designate. Copies of such audit shall be provided to the Secretary, all members of the Council, all qualified industry organizations, and to other members of the industry upon request. The Secretary shall receive notice of meetings and may require reports on the activities of the Council, as well as reports on compliance, violations, and complaints regarding the implementation of this Act. Reimbursement of Federal Expenses.--From assessments collected, the Council shall annually reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred in holding the referendum establishing the Council, making appointments to the Council, and other expenses directly related to the Council, not in excess of the cost of three employee years, as determined by the Secretary. Amount.--The Council shall set the initial assessment at no greater than one tenth of 1 cent per gallon of odorized propane. Thereafter, annual assessments shall be sufficient to cover the costs of the plans and programs developed by the Council. The assessment shall not be greater than one-half cent per gallon of odorized propane, unless approved by a majority of those voting in a referendum in both the producer and the retail marketer class. The assessment may not be raised by more than one tenth of 1 cent per gallon of odorized propane annually. Ownership.--The owner of odorized propane at the time of odorization, or the time of import of odorized propane, shall pay the assessment based on the volume of odorized propane sold and placed into commerce. Assessments are payable to the Council on a monthly basis by the 25th of the month following the month of such sale. Propane exported from the United States to another country is not subject to the assessment. Alternative Collection Rules.--The Secretary may by regulation, with the concurrence of the Council, establish an alternative means of collecting the assessment if another means is found to be more efficient and effective. The Secretary may by regulation establish a late payment charge and rate of interest to be imposed on any person who fails to remit, collect, or pay to the Council any amount due under this Act. Investment of Funds.--Pending disbursement pursuant to a program, plan, or project, the Council may invest funds collected through assessments, and any other funds received by the Council, only in obligations of the United States or any agency thereof, in general obligations of any State or any political subdivision thereof, in any interest-bearing account or certificate of deposit of a bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve System, or in obligations fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by the United States. State Programs.--After consultation with the Council, the Secretary may by regulation establish a program coordinating the operation of the Council with those of any State propane education and research council or similar entity created by State law. This may include a joint or coordinated assessment collection process, a reduced assessment, or an assessment rebate. If adopted, the reduction in assessment or rebate may be in an amount not to exceed 20 percent of the regular assessment collected in that State under this section. Assessment rebates shall be paid only to a State propane education and research council or similar entity that meets the requirements established by the Council, and only for specific projects approved by the Council. Cease and Desist Orders; Civil Penalties.--The Secretary, after providing notice and an opportunity for hearing, may, with respect to any person who violates any provision of this Act or any plan, regulation, or order issued under this Act-- issue an order requiring that person to cease and desist from continuing such violation; and assess a civil penalty not to exceed $5,000 for each such violation. Each day during which a violation continues shall be considered a separate violation. Investigatory Powers.--In order to carry out this Act, the Secretary may administer oaths and affirmations, subpoena witnesses, compel their attendance, take evidence, and require the production of any books, papers, and documents which are relevant to the inquiry. Such attendance of witnesses and the production of any such records may be required from any place in the United States. The district courts of the United States may punish a failure to comply with a subpoena issued under this subsection as a contempt of the court. No funds collected by the Council shall be used in any manner for influencing legislation or elections, except that the Council may recommend to the Secretary changes in this Act or other statutes that would further the purposes of this Act. Nothing in this Act may be construed to preempt or supersede any other program relating to propane education and research organized and operated under the laws of the United States or any State. Within 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue regulations for the implementation of this Act. The Secretary may require such reports or documentation as is necessary to document the referendum process and the nomination process for members of the Council and shall protect the confidentiality of all such documentation provided by industry members."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "propane education and research act of 1993". sec. 2. findings. the congress finds that-- (1) propane gas, or liquefied petroleum gas, is an essential energy commodity providing heat, hot water, cooking fuel, and motor fuel among its many uses to millions of americans; (2) the use of propane is especially important to rural citizens and farmers, offering an efficient and economical source of gas energy; (3) propanes has been recognized as a clean fuel and can contribute in many ways to reducing the pollution in our cities and towns; and (4) propylene is primarily domestically produced and its use provides energy security and jobs for americans. sec. 3. definitions. for the purposes of this act-- (a) the term "council" means the propane education or research council created pursuant to section 4 of this Act; (b) the "industry" means those persons involved in the production, transportation, and sale of propanes, and in the manufacture and distribution of propylene, or in the distribution of the propanes sold or produced in the united states; (c) industry association. (a)(b) industry associations. (b)(b)(c)(3) --the term industry association) means the national propane industry association, or the national repane gas processors association, representing the national and retail marketers or producers who collectively represent 25 percent of the volume of propana sold or produce in the United States; (4)(b), the term industry "industrie" means that persons involved, and the manufacture, transportation and sale, and also in the sale and distribution, of propano utilization equipment, in a united states, or a member of the executive branch of the national or retail marketers; (5) the terms "retail propane" means a person engaged primarily in the sales of propan, or to retail propane dispensers; (6) the word "prose" means an organization exempt from tax, under section 501 (c)(4) or (6)(b-3) of the internal revenue code of 1986, representing a national or regional propane; (7) a term "prostitute" means one person engaged in the business of selling or producing propane, or of a hydrocarbon whose chemical composition is predominantly c3h8, whether recovered from natural gas or crude oil; (8) the phrase "public member" meansnominees need not be members of a qualified industry organization. the public members of the council shall be appointed by the secretary. vacancies in the council may be filled in the same manner as were the original appointments. vacancies of the secretary shall be filled by the appointed public members, and vacancies of council members may be appointed in the following manner as are the original appointment. (a) terms of council. --in making nominations and appointments to the council, the qualified industry organizations and the Secretary shall give due regard to selecting a council that is representative of the industry, including representation of-- (1) gas processors and oil refiners among producers; (2) interstate and intrastate operators among retail marketers; (3) large and small companies among producers and retail marketers and (4) diverse geographic regions of the country. (c) membership. --the council shall consist of 21 members, with 9 members representing retail marketers, 9 members represented producers, and 3 public members. the council members shall be full-time employees or owners of businesses in the industry. no employee of a qualifying industry organization or other industry trade association shall serve as a member of the Council, and no member of any member may serve concurrently as an officer of the board of directors of a registered industry organization, or any industry trade organization. only one person at a time from any company or its affiliate may serve on the council. (d) compensation. --council members shall receive no compensation for their services, nor shall council members be reimbursed for expenses relating to their service, except that public members may serve as members of council, and other member of council may serve with the council in the future. (e) terms. --no member of a member may be paid for their service. the secretary may be compensated for the services of the member. the Secretary may be reimburses for the service of the public. (f) expenses. --a member may pay for his services, and he may pay his expenses directly related to his participation in council meetings. the member may receive no reimbursement for reasonable expenses directly associated to their participation in the public meetings. (g) terms and --ccil members may served terms of 3 years and may serve not more than 2 full terms. members filling unexpired terms may serve but more than a total of 7 years. former members of this council may not be returned to the Council if they have not been members for a period of 2 years. initial appointments. --cancil members elect members for terms of 1, 2sec. 6. assessments. (a) amount. --the council shall set the initial assessment at no greater than one tenth of 1 cent per gallon of odorized propane. thereafter, annual assessments shall be sufficient to cover the costs of the plans and programs developed by the council, unless approved by a majority of those voting in a referendum in both the producer and the retail marketer class. the assessment may not be raised by more than one percent of 1 percent per gallon in the united states. the council may not raise the assessment by any amount of 1.5 percent per gallons of odorize propane in the United States. the secretary may by regulation establish a new assessment for each year of the year. the assess may not exceed one tenths of one cent per gallons in the producer class. and the assessor may not increase the assessment for any year of each year. (b) assessment. -- the secretary shall establish an annual assessment for every year of odorization. --each year of this year, the secretary will establish an assessment for the year of importation of odorizer. the owner of odorizing propane at the time of import of odorizers, shall pay the assessment based on the volume of odorion sold and placed into commerce. assessments are payable to the council on a monthly basis by the 25th of the month following the month of such sale. propane exported from the united States to another country is not subject to the assessment. (c) alternative collection rules. --a) alternative collections rules. and other collection rules and other collections rules or other collection requirements. --as the secretary, with the concurrence of the council and the council must by regulation, establish an alternative means of collecting the assessment if another means is found to be more efficient and effective. the Secretary may by Regulation establish a late payment charge and rate of interest to be imposed on any person who fails to remit, collect, or pay to the Council any amount due under this act. (d) investment of funds. --pending disbursement pursuant to a program, plan, or project, the council shall invest funds collected through assessments, and any other funds received by the Council, only in obligations of the unitedstates or any agency thereof, in general obligations of any state or any political subdivision thereof, and in any interest-bearing account or certificate of deposit of a bank that is a member of the federal reserve system, or in obligations fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by the united state. (e) state programs.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6628721952438354</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>39</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Renewable Energy Act for Credit on Taxes''. In General.--Subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to refundable credits) is amended by redesignating section 35 as section 36 and by inserting after section 34 the following new section: `` ``Allowance of Credit.--In the case of an individual, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to 35 percent of the expenditures for renewable energy property made by the taxpayer during the taxable year. ``Limitation.-- ``Maximum credit.--The credit allowed under subsection shall not exceed the lesser of-- ``$6,000 ($50,000 in the case of renewable energy property used for nonresidential business purposes) for each system of renewable energy property, or ``$4.50 per watt of rated system electricity output or equivalent. ``Location of structure.--No expenditure may be taken into account under this section unless such expenditure is made by the taxpayer for property installed on or in connection with a structure which is located in the United States. ``Rating system electricity output.--For purposes of paragraph , the rated system electricity output or equivalent for-- ``solar water heating property shall be the output determined by the Secretary on the basis of evidence acceptable to the Secretary which is submitted by manufacturers of such property and which includes information relating to one year of reliable operation of such property, ``photovoltaic property shall be the output certified by a nationally recognized testing laboratory as meeting the requirements of the Underwriters Laboratory Standard 1703, ``wind energy property shall be the output-- ``certified as meeting the requirements of a small wind turbine-specific safety or performance standard adopted by a national or international standards setting body, including International Electric Code 61400-2, or ``determined by the Secretary on the basis of evidence acceptable to the Secretary which is submitted by manufacturers of such property and which includes information relating to one year of reliable operation of such property at a site with average annual wind speeds of at least 12 miles per hour, and ``fuel cell property shall be the output certified as meeting the requirements specified by the American Gas Association in document entitled `AGA Requirements for Fuel Cell Power Plants', No. 8-90. The Secretary shall determine who makes the certifications for purposes of subparagraphs and . ``Definitions.--For purposes of this section-- ``Renewable energy property.--The term `renewable energy property' means property which is-- ``qualified solar water heating property, ``qualified photovoltaic property, ``qualified wind energy property, or ``qualified fuel cell property. ``Qualified solar water heating property.--The term `qualified solar water heating property' means property that uses solar energy to heat water for use in a structure with respect to which a majority of the energy is derived from the sun. ``Qualified photovoltaic property.--The term `qualified photovoltaic property' means property that uses solar energy to generate electricity for use in a structure. ``Solar panels.--No expenditure relating to a solar panel or other property installed as a roof (or portion thereof) shall fail to be treated as property described in paragraph or solely because it constitutes a structural component of the structure on which it is installed. ``Qualified wind energy property.--The term `qualified wind energy property' means property which uses wind energy to generate electricity for use in a structure. ``Qualified fuel cell property.--The term `qualified fuel cell property' means property which uses an electrochemical process to generate electricity for use in a structure. ``Labor costs.--Expenditures for labor costs properly allocable to the onsite preparation, assembly, or original installation of the property described in paragraph , , , or and for piping or wiring to interconnect such property to the dwelling unit shall be taken into account for purposes of this section. ``Special Rules.--For purposes of this section-- ``Dollar amounts in case of joint occupancy.--In the case of any structure which is jointly occupied and used during any calendar year by 2 or more persons the following shall apply: ``The amount of the credit allowable under subsection by reason of expenditures (as the case may be) made during such calendar year by any of such persons with respect to such structure shall be determined by treating all of such persons as 1 taxpayer whose taxable year is such calendar year. ``There shall be allowable with respect to such expenditures to each of such person, a credit under subsection for the taxable year in which such calendar year ends in an amount which bears the same ratio to the amount determined under subparagraph as the amount of such expenditures made by such person during such calendar year bears to the aggregate of such expenditures made by all of such persons during such calendar year. ``Tenant-stockholder in cooperative housing corporation.--In the case of an individual who is a tenant- stockholder (as defined in section 216) in a cooperative housing corporation (as defined in such section), such individual shall be treated as having made his tenant- stockholder's proportionate share (as defined in section 216) of any expenditures of such corporation. ``Condominiums.-- ``In general.--In the case of an individual who is a member of a condominium management association with respect to a condominium which he owns, such individual shall be treated as having made his proportionate share of any expenditures of such association. ``Condominium management association.--For purposes of this paragraph, the term `condominium management association' means an organization which meets the requirements of paragraph of section 528(other than subparagraph thereof) with respect to a condominium project substantially all of the units of which are used as residences. ``Joint ownership of items of renewable energy property.-- ``In general.--Any expenditure otherwise qualifying as an expenditure described in paragraph , , , or of subsection shall not be treated as failing to so qualify merely because such expenditure was made with respect to 2 or more structures. ``Limits applied separately.--In the case of any expenditure described in subparagraph , the amount of the credit allowable under subsection shall (subject to paragraph ) be computed separately with respect to the amount of the expenditure made for each structure. ``Allocation in certain cases.--If 80 percent or more of the use of an item is for residential purposes, then the item shall be treated as used only for residential purposes. ``When expenditure made; amount of expenditure.-- ``In general.--Except as provided in subparagraph , an expenditure with respect to an item shall be treated as made when the original installation of the item is completed. ``Expenditures part of building construction.-- In the case of an expenditure in connection with the construction or reconstruction of a structure, such expenditure shall be treated as made when the original use of the constructed or reconstructed structure by the taxpayer begins. ``Amount.--The amount of any expenditure shall be the cost thereof. ``Reduction of credit for grants, tax-exempt bonds, and subsidized energy financing.--The rules of section 29shall apply for purposes of this section. ``Denial of double benefit.--No credit shall be allowed under subsection for any expense for which a deduction or credit is allowed under any other provision of this chapter. ``Basis Adjustments.--For purposes of this subtitle, if a credit is allowed under this section for any expenditure with respect to any property, the increase in the basis of such property which would (but for this subsection) result from such expenditure shall be reduced by the amount of the credit so allowed. ``Termination.--The credit allowed under this section shall not apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2006.''. Conforming and Technical Amendments.-- Subsection of section 1016 of such Code is amended by striking ``and'' at the end of paragraph , by striking the period at the end of paragraph and inserting ``; and'', and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ``to the extent provided in section 35, in the case of amounts with respect to which a credit has been allowed under section 35.'' Paragraph of section 1324of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting ``or from section 35 of such Code'' before the period at the end. The table of sections for such subpart C is amended by striking the item relating to section 35 and inserting the following new items: ``Sec. 35. Renewable energy property. ``Sec. 36. Overpayment of taxes.'' Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2001."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "renewable energy act for credit on taxes". sec. 2. refundable credit for renewable energy property. (a) in general. --subpart c of part iv of subchapter a of chapter 1 of the internal revenue code of 1986 (relating to refundable credits) is amended by redesignating section 35 as section 36 and by inserting after section 34 the following new section: "sec. 35. renewable energy tax. --in the case of an individual, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to 35 percent of the expenditures for solar energy property made by the taxpayer during the taxable years. " (b) limitation. -- "(1) maximum credit. --the credit allowed under subsection (a)(a) shall not exceed the lesser of-- " (c) $6,000 ($50,000 in the caseof renewable energy energy property used for nonresidential business purposes) for each system of renewable energy (or portion thereof) for the year. "(2) credit. "(b) credit against tax imposed on the tax paid by the individual. --(1) credit for property installed on or in connection with a structure which is located in the united states. "(3) credit limit. --for purposes of paragraph (1) (a), " (a, $6.000 ($ 50,000 for the case- renewable energy Property used for residential business purposes, for each systems of renewable Energy property, or " (B) $4.50 per watt of rated system electricity output or equivalent. "(4) location of structure. --no expenditure may be taken into account under this section unless such expenditure is made by a taxpayer for property located on orIn connection with an structure which are located in a united states, " (3) rating system electricity Output. --if applicable, the rated system power output. --after purposes of section (1, (b), the rated systems electricity Output or equivalent for-- " " ( a) solar water heating property shall be the output determined by the secretary on the basis of evidence acceptable to the secretary which is submitted by manufacturers of such property and which includes information relating to one year of reliable operation of such Property, " "b) photovoltaic property shall been the output certified by a nationally recognized testing laboratory as meeting the requirements of the underwriters laboratory standard 1703, " -c) wind energy property, "generate electricity for use in a structure. "(6) qualified fuel cell property. --the term 'qualified fuel cell Property' means property which uses an electrochemical process to generate electricity. "(7) labor costs. --expenditures for labor costs properly allocable to the onsite preparation, assembly, or original installation of the property described in paragraph (2), (3), (5), or (6) and for piping or wiring to interconnect such property to the dwelling unit shall be taken into account for purposes of this section. " (d) special rules. --for purposes of the section-- "(1) dollar amounts in case of joint occupancy. --in the case of any structure which is jointly occupied and used during any calendar year by 2 or more persons the following shall apply: " (a) the amount of the credit allowable under subsection (1) by reason of expenditures (as the case may be) made during such calendar year shall be determined by treating all of such persons as 1 taxpayer whose taxable year is such calendar Year. " " (b) there shall be allowable with respect to such expenditures to each of such person, a credit under subsection "a" for the taxable year in which such calendar is held by 2 persons the same shall apply. " "(a) a credit. -- in the amount that the credit can be used to each person, the amount which bears the same ratio to the amount determined under subparagraph (a). --in addition, the amounts of expenditures made by any of such structure shall be calculated as the amount made by such persons during such year. "(b) a tax year. --a tax year is defined in subparagraph (b). --the amount of such expenditures made in such person as 1 tax year shall bear the same ratios to the same amount determined by the amount under subparagraph(a) as the amounts made by each of the tax year of such tax year bears to the aggregate of such expenditure made by all of those persons during any year. "(2) tenant-stockholder in cooperative housing corporation. -- "in the cases of an individual who is a tenant- stockholder (as defined in section 216) in a cooperative housing Corporation (as used in such section), such individual shall be treated as having made his tenant- Stockholder's proportionate share (as per section 216 (b)(3)) of any expenditures of such corporation. "(3) condominiums. --� (a" in general. --on the occasions of a person who is an individualthe taxpayer begins. " (c) amount. --the amount of any expenditure shall be the cost thereof. "(7) reduction of credit for grants, tax-exempt bonds, and subsidized energy financing. -- the rules of section 29 (b)(3) shall apply for purposes of this section. "(8) denial of double benefit. --no credit shall be allowed under subsection (a) for any expense for which a deduction or credit is allowed under any other provision of this chapter. " " (e) basis adjustments. --for purposes of subsection (b) of section 31 (a)(1) of title 31, united states code, if a credit is offered under this section for any expenditure with respect to any property, the increase in the basis of such property which would (but for this subsection) result from such expenditure shall not be reduced by the amount of the credit so allowed. “ (f) termination. --as of december 31, 2006, the credit allowed under this chapter shall not apply to taxable years beginning after december 30, 2006.". (b (c)(1)(b) conforming and technical amendments. -- (1) paragraph (a), of section 1016 of such code is amended by striking "and" at the end of paragraph (26), by striking the period at the beginning of paragraph 1 (27) and inserting "; and", and by adding at the stop the following new paragraph: "(28) to the extent provided in section 35 (e), in the case of amounts with respectto which a credit has been allowed under section 35." (2) paragraph 1) of chapter 1324 (b), of title 30, united States code, is amended. (3) the table of sections for such subpart c is amended with striking the item relating to section 35 and inserting the following additional items: "sec. 35. renewable energy property. " sec. 36. overpayment of taxes." (c (d) effective date. —the amendments made by this section shall apply to the taxable years ending after deDecember 31, 2001. "the amendments make by this chapter.". "or from section 35 of such codes.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5901103615760803</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>40</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Census Improvement Act''. PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM FOR THE 2010 CENSUS. In General.--Participation in the Planning Partnership Program for the 2010 census of population shall not be allowed in the case of-- an organization which has been indicted for a violation under Federal or State law relating to an election for Federal or State office; or an organization which employs applicable individuals. Applicable Individual Defined.--For purposes of this section, the term ``applicable individual'' means an individual who-- is-- employed by the organization in a permanent or temporary capacity; contracted or retained by the organization; or acting on behalf of, or with the express or apparent authority of, the organization; and has been indicted for a violation under Federal or State law relating to an election for Federal or State office. State Defined.--For purposes of this section, the term ``State'' includes the District of Columbia. PROVISIONS RELATING TO CONFIDENTIALITY OF CERTAIN INFORMATION. Rulemaking Power.--The succeeding provisions of this section are enacted by Congress-- as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representatives, respectively, and as such shall be deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, and shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such other rules; and with the full recognition of the constitutional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedures of that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as any other rule of that House. Voting Requirement.--No bill or joint resolution, amendment, or conference report containing a provision which would have the effect of repealing, suspending, or otherwise limiting the application of section 9 of title 13, United States Code (relating to information as confidential; exception) shall be considered as passed or agreed to, by either House of Congress, unless so passed or agreed to by a vote of not less than two-thirds of the Members of such House voting. In General.--Not later than 6 months after the deadline for the submission described in subsection , the Government Accountability Office shall review and report to Congress on the questions proposed to be included in the 2010 census of population and the American Community Survey (next scheduled to be carried out after the end of the 6-month period beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act). Requirements.--In carrying out this section, the Government Accountability Office shall specifically address-- the reasons for each question proposed to be included in the survey or census and the purposes for which the information obtained from respondents is likely to be used; alternative means by which the same information could be obtained other than by inclusion in such census or survey, as the case may be; and the relative advantages and disadvantages of obtaining the information through a census or survey (as the case may be) as compared to the alternative means referred to in paragraph . Submission of Questions.--Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to the Government Accountability Office-- a copy of each question proposed to be included in the upcoming American Community Survey (as described in subsection ) and the 2010 census of population; and with respect to each question under paragraph , the views of the Secretary of Commerce (or designee) with respect to paragraphs through of subsection . NON-HOUSEHOLD MEMBERS NO LONGER ALLOWED. In General.--Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no officer, employee, or other person referred to in subchapter II of chapter 1 of title 13, United States Code, may, in the conduct of the American Community Survey or the 2010 census of population, seek answers to any questions relating to any household or any member of such household from any person who is not a member of such household. Implementation.--The Secretary of Commerce shall take such measures as may be necessary to provide for the implementation of subsection . For purposes of this Act-- the term ``census of population'' has the meaning given such term by section 141of title 13, United States Code; and the term ``Member'' means a Member of Congress, as defined by section 2106 of title 5, United States Code."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "census improvement act". sec. 2. limitation on eligibility to participate in planning partnership program for the 2010 census. (a) in general. --participation in the planning partnership programs for 2010 census of population shall not be allowed in the case of-- (1) an organization which has been indicted for a violation under federal or state law relating to an election for federal or State office; or (2) an organizations which employs applicable individuals. (b) applicable individual defined. --for purposes of this section, the term "applicable individual" means an individual who-- ( 1) is a member of the organization in a permanent or temporary capacity; (b- contracted or retained by the organization; (c) acting on behalf of, or with the express or apparent authority of, the organization, or (d) has been notified of the election; and (e) is employed by the corporation in a temporary or permanent capacity. sec. 3. the term for the purpose of the census. --the purpose of this purpose is to determine whether or not a person is employed in the operation of a corporation; (a)(b) employed by a corporation or temporary or employed by, or has been contracted or hired by, an organization; and/or (c). (b). sec. 4. the use of the term to determine the extent of the information provided by the census of the population. (c. --a) state defined. (e.g. the district of columbia. --e. g. the terms of this term "state" includes the district, columbian. sec, 3. two-thirds vote required to repeal or otherwise limit provisions relating to confidentiality of certain information. (1a) rulemaking power. -the succeeding provisions of this chapter are enacted by congress-- (2-thirds of the members of congress. --no bill or joint resolution, amendment, or conference report containing a provision which would have the effect of repealing, suspending, or otherwise limiting the application of section 9 of title 13, united states code (relating to information as confidential; exception) shall be deemed a part of the rules of each house, respectively, and shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such other rules; and as such, the government accountability office shall review and report to congress on the rules (so far as relating to the procedures of that house) at any time, in the</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.673149824142456</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>41</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Electronic Campaign Disclosure Act of 1998''. ELECTION COMMISSION REPORTS; ACCESS THROUGH INTERNET SITE. Electronic Filing Through the Internet.--Section 304of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (2 U.S.C. 434) is amended to read as follows: ``Through a competitive bidding process, the Commission shall establish a public Internet site not later than January 1, 1999, with the following features: ``Any person filing a report required by this Act may post the report directly on the site. ``Any member of the public may obtain the reports posted on the site (together with any other information the Commission may make available through the site) at any time. ``Any information in a report posted on the site shall be subject to the same prohibition on sale and use as information from a report or statement under paragraph . ``All information posted on the site shall be integrated in a manner which permits users to search the information across categories and sources. ``The Commission shall permit each person required to file a report under this Act to file the report by posting it directly on the Internet site established under subparagraph , or by filing it by such electronic method as the Commission may designate to enable the Commission to post the report on such site immediately upon receipt. ``The Commission shall require a person to file a report under this Act in accordance with the methods described in clause during an election cycle if the aggregate amount of contributions or expenditures reported previously by the person during the cycle exceeds $25,000. ``The Commission shall provide for one or more methods (other than requiring a signature on the report being filed) for verification of reports filed in accordance with the methods described in subparagraph . Any verification under the preceding sentence shall be treated for all purposes (including penalties for perjury) in the same manner as a verification by signature. ``As used in this paragraph, the term ``report'' means, with respect to the Commission, a report, designation, or statement required by this Act to be filed with the Commission.''. Requiring Commission To Make Software Available.--Section 311of such Act (2 U.S.C. 438) is amended-- by striking ``and'' at the end of paragraph ; by striking the period at the end of paragraph and inserting ``; and''; and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ``through competitive bidding, obtain and provide for computer software required to carry out section 304.''. Internet Defined.--Section 301 of such Act (2 U.S.C. 431) is amended by striking paragraph and inserting the following new paragraph: ``The term `Internet' means the international computer network of both Federal and non-Federal interoperable packet-switched data networks.''. 10 DAYS OF RECEIPT. Section 304 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (2 U.S.C. 434) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``If a political committee is required under subsection to file reports under this Act electronically during an election cycle, the committee shall file a report with the Commission listing each contribution of $100 or more received by the committee during the cycle after the date on which such subsection first applies to the committee. The committee shall file such report not later than 10 days after receipt, and shall include the identification of the contributor, the date of receipt and amount of the contribution, and (in the case of an authorized committee of a candidate) the name of the candidate and the office sought by the candidate. ``The report required under this paragraph shall be in addition to all other reports required under this Act.''. COMMITTEES SUBJECT TO EXPEDITED REPORTING; SHORTENING DEADLINE FOR REPORTING TO WITHIN 24 HOURS OF RECEIPT. Section 304of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (2 U.S.C. 434) is amended-- by redesignating subparagraph as subparagraph ; and by inserting after subparagraph the following new subparagraph: ``In the case of a principal campaign committee which is required under subsection to file reports under this Act electronically during an election cycle, subparagraph shall apply with respect to any contribution received by the committee after the date on which such subsection first applies to the committee as if-- ``the reference to `$1,000' were a reference to `$100'; ``the reference to `20th day' were a reference to `90th day'; and ``the reference in the second sentence to `48 hours' were a reference to `24 hours'.''. Section 301 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (2 U.S.C. 431) is amended by striking paragraph and inserting the following new paragraph: ``The term `election cycle' means-- ``in the case of a candidate or the authorized committees of a candidate, the term beginning on the day after the date of the most recent general election for the specific office or seat which such candidate seeks and ending on the date of the next general election for such office or seat; or ``for all other persons, the term beginning on the first day following the date of the last general election and ending on the date of the next general election.''. The amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to elections occurring after January 1999."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "electronic campaign disclosure act of 1998". sec. 2. mandatory electronic preservation and filing of federal election commission reports; access through internet site. (a) electronic filing through the internet. --section 304 (a)(11) of the federal election campaign act of 1971 (2 u.s.c. 431) is amended to read as follows: "(11) (1) the term 'electoral campaign disclosure' is amended by striking paragraph (19) and inserting the following new paragraph: "(19) " (i) any person filing a report required by this act, the term beginning on the day after the date of the most recent general election for the specific office or seat which such person seeks and ending on the date after the next general election. " (b) for all other persons, the terms beginning on a day following the day of the last general election, the period of the next election, or the period after the first general election; or " (c) for the general election of any other persons who are candidates for such office or seats; or (d) for those who are not candidates for any other office or position; or "(e) for any persons who may be candidates for the same office or chair; or, " (f) for that person, any information in a report posted on the site shall not be subject to the same prohibition on sale and use as information from a report or statement under paragraph (4). " (iv) all information posted onthe site shall be integrated in a manner which permits users to search the information across categories and sources. ". (b). election cycle defined. (c. election cycle) the commission shall permit each person required to file a report under this act to file the report by posting it directly on the internet site established under subparagraph (a), or by filing it by such electronic method as the commission may designate to enable the commission to post the report on such site immediately upon receipt. " " (ii) the Commission shall require a person to file (a report under any act in accordance with the methods described in clause (i). during an election cycle if the aggregate amount of contributions or expenditures reported previously by the person during the cycle exceeds $25,000. "(c) the election cycle shall be amended by the term "electoral election" by filing the report under the term of the election. (e.g. the term election) by posting the report in accordance</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5586157441139221</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>42</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Pharmaceutical Products Price Equity Act''. The Congress finds the following: Modern life enhancing and life sustaining drugs are the products of decades of scientific research and practice. The refining and production of products by American pharmaceutical enterprises must be appropriately compensated. The pricing of American pharmaceutical products varies greatly from country to country with the corporate owners of such products voluntarily assuming no losses by always selling their products above the cost of production. Considering the vital life and death nature of pharmaceutical products, it is appropriate that the United States Government, in harmony with other nations belonging to the World Trade Organization, should engage in the reasonable regulation of the prices of pharmaceutical products. Presidential Authority.--The President shall issue such orders and regulations, and establish such procedures and reporting requirements, as the President determines to be appropriate to ensure that no pharmaceutical product (as defined by the President in such regulation or order) is sold to any consumer in the United States at a price that is more than 6 percent above the average retail price at which such pharmaceutical product is sold in the 5 most industrialized, free-market countries, other than the United States, as determined by the President. Delegation.--The President may delegate the performance of any function under this section to any officer of any Federal department or agency who has been appointed by the President, by and with the consent of the Senate. Confidentiality of Information.--All information reported to or otherwise obtained by any person exercising any authority under this section which contains or relates to a trade secret or other matter referred to in section 1905 of title 18, United States Code, shall be considered confidential for purposes of that section, except that such information may be disclosed to any other officer or employee of the United States involved in carrying out this section solely for the purpose of carrying out, and enforcing compliance with, this section. Subpoena Power and Production of Documents.-- In general.--The officer of any agency or department to whom the President has delegated any authority under this section, may-- examine any books, papers, records, or other data of any person which is relevant to the enforcement of this section or to any recordkeeping or reporting requirement prescribed for the purpose of carrying out this section; and summon any person, an officer or employee of any person (including a former officer or employee), or any person having possession, custody, or care of the reports and records required to be made or maintained pursuant to this section, to appear at a time and place named in the summons and to produce such books, papers, records, or other data, and to give testimony, under oath, as may be relevant or material to an investigation or procedure under this section. Administrative aspects of summons.-- Production at designated site.--A summons issued pursuant to this section may require that books, papers, records, or other data stored or maintained at any place be produced at any designated location in any State or in any territory or other place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States not more than 500 miles distant from any place where the person summoned operates or conducts business in the United States. Fees and travel expenses.--Persons summoned under this section shall be paid the same fees and mileage for travel in the United States that are paid witnesses in the courts of the United States. No liability for expenses.--The United States shall not be liable for any expense, other than an expense described in subparagraph , incurred in connection with the production of books, papers, records, or other data under this section. Service of summons.--Service of a summons issued under this section may be by registered mail or in such other manner calculated to give actual notice as the officer delegated by the President may prescribe by regulation. Contumacy or refusal.-- Referral to attorney general.--In case of contumacy by a person issued a summons under this subsection or a refusal by such person to obey such summons, the officer issuing the summons shall refer the matter to the Attorney General. Jurisdiction of court.--The Attorney General may invoke the aid of any court of the United States within the jurisdiction of which-- the investigation which gave rise to the summons is being or has been carried on; the person summoned is an inhabitant; or the person summoned carries on business or may be found, to compel compliance with the summons. Court order.--The court may issue an order requiring the person summoned to appear before the Secretary or his delegate to produce books, papers, records, and other data, to give testimony as may be necessary to explain how such material was compiled and maintained, and to pay the costs of the proceeding. Failure to comply with order.--Any failure to obey the order of the court may be punished by the court as a contempt thereof. Service of process.--All process in any case under this subsection may be served in any judicial district in which such person may be found. Injunctions and Other Relief.-- In general.--Whenever it appears to the officer authorized by the President to exercise authority under this Act, that any person has engaged, is engaged, or is about to engage in any act or practice that constitutes a violation of any regulation or order prescribed or issued pursuant to section 3, the officer may request the Attorney General to bring an action in an appropriate district court of the United States to enjoin such act or practice. Remedies.--Upon a proper showing in any action under paragraph , the court-- shall issue a temporary restraining order or grant a preliminary or permanent injunction without bond; may also issue a mandatory injunction commanding any person to comply with any order or injunction issued or granted under subparagraph ; and may order restitution of moneys received in violation of any regulation prescribed or order issued under section 3 or any order issued or injunction granted under this section. Penalties.-- Criminal.--Whoever knowingly violates any regulation prescribed or order issued under section 3 shall be fined not more than the amount equal to 200 percent of the amount of the sale related to each violation. Civil.-- In general.--Whoever violates any regulation prescribed or order issued under section 3 shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty of not more than 200 percent of the amount by which such person was unjustly enriched in connection with such violation. Continuing violations.--A separate violation occurs for each sale of a pharmaceutical product in violation of a regulation prescribed or order issued under section 3. Assessment.-- Written notice.--Any penalty imposed under subparagraph may be assessed and collected by the officer authorized by the President to exercise authority under this Act by written notice. Finality of assessment.--If, with respect to any assessment under clause , a hearing is not requested pursuant to subparagraph within the period of time allowed under such subparagraph, the assessment shall constitute a final and unappealable order. Authority to modify or remit penalty.--Any officer authorized by the President to exercise authority under this Act may compromise, modify, or remit any penalty which such officer may assess or had already assessed under subparagraph . Mitigating factors.--In determining the amount of any penalty imposed under subparagraph , the officer authorized by the President to exercise authority under this Act shall take into account the appropriateness of the penalty with respect to-- the size of financial resources and good faith of the person charged; the gravity of the violation; the history of previous violations; and such other matters as justice may require. Hearing.--The person against whom any penalty is assessed under this paragraph shall be afforded an agency hearing if such person submits a request for such hearing within 20 days after the issuance of the notice of assessment. Collection.-- Referral.--If any person fails to pay an assessment after any penalty assessed under this paragraph has become final, the officer who imposed the penalty shall recover the amount assessed by action in the appropriate United States district court. Appropriateness of penalty not reviewable.--In any civil action under clause , the validity and appropriateness of the penalty shall not be subject to review. Disbursement.--All penalties collected under authority of this paragraph shall be deposited into the Treasury. Regulations.--Any officer authorized by the President to exercise authority under this Act shall prescribe regulations establishing such procedures as may be necessary to carry out this paragraph. Liability Established.--Any person who violates any regulation prescribed or order issued under this Act with respect to any other person shall be liable to such person in an amount equal to the sum of the amounts determined under each of the following paragraphs: Actual damages.--The greater of-- the amount of any actual damage sustained by such person as a result of such failure; or any amount paid by the injured person to the violator. Punitive damages.-- Individual actions.--In the case of any action by an individual, such additional amount as the court may allow. Class actions.--In the case of a class action, the sum of-- the aggregate of the amount which the court may allow for each named plaintiff; and the aggregate of the amount which the court may allow for each other class member, without regard to any minimum individual recovery. Attorneys' fees.--In the case of any successful action to enforce any liability under paragraph or , the costs of the action, together with reasonable attorneys' fees. Factors To Be Considered in Awarding Punitive Damages.--In determining the amount of any liability of any person under section , the court shall consider, among other relevant factors-- the frequency and persistence of noncompliance by the violator; the nature of the noncompliance; the extent to which such noncompliance was intentional; and in the case of any class action, the number of consumers adversely affected. There are authorized to be appropriated to the President for fiscal years 2003, 2004, and 2005, such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "pharmaceutical products price equity act". sec. 2. findings. the congress finds the following: (1) modern life enhancing and life sustaining drugs are the products of decades of scientific research and practice. (2) the refining and production of products by american pharmaceutical enterprises must be appropriately compensated. (3) the pricing of american pharm products varies greatly from country to country with the corporate owners of such products voluntarily assuming no losses by always selling their products above the cost of production. (4) considering the vital life and death nature of pharmaceutical products, it is appropriate that the united states government, in harmony with other nations belonging to the world trade organization, should engage in the reasonable regulation of the prices of pharmaceuticals. sec. 3. reasonable limits on profits of pharmaceutical prices. (a) presidential authority. --the president shall issue such orders and regulations, and establish such procedures and regulations. -- the president determines to be appropriate to ensure that no pharmaceutical product (as defined by the president in such regulation or order) is sold to any consumer in the united States at a price that is more than 6 percent above the average retail price at which such pharmaceutical product is sold in the 5 most industrialized, free-market countries. (b) presidential power. --a) executive authority. —the president may issue such executive orders or regulations, establish such regulations and reporting requirements, as long as the president is appropriate to determine that no pharm product (As defined bythe president in any regulation ororder) is distributed to any individual in the United states at a cost that is less than 6.5 percent above or above the national retail price. (c) executive power. (d) executive powers. --as long as such executive authority is appropriate, the president may delegate the performance of any function under this section to any officer of any federal department or agency who has been appointed by the senate. (e) confidentiality of information. --all information reported to or otherwise obtained by any person exercising any authority under this period which contains or relates to a trade secret or other matter referred to in section 1905 of title 18, united states code, shall be considered confidential for purposes of that section, except that such information may be disclosed to any other officer or employee of the united state involved in carrying out this section solely for the purpose of carrying out, and enforcing compliance with, this section. (f) subpoena power and production. -- (1). --the officer of the president(b) jurisdiction of court. --the attorney general may invoke the aid of any court of the united states within the jurisdiction of which-- (i) the investigation which gave rise to the summons is being or has been carried on; (ii) the person summoned is an inhabitant; or (iii) the people summoned carries on business or may be found, to compel compliance with the summons. (c) court order. -- the court may issue an order requiring the person to appear before the secretary or his delegate to produce books, papers, records, and other data, to give testimony as may be necessary to explain how such material was compiled and maintained, and to pay the costs of the proceeding. (d) failure to comply with order. -any failure to obey the order of the court, may be punished by the court as a contempt thereof. (e) service of process. --all process in any case under this subsection may be served in any judicial district in which such person may be located. sec. 4. enforcement. (a) injunctions and other relief. -- (1) in general. --whenever it appears to the officer authorized by the president to exercise authority under this act, that any person has engaged, is engaged, or is about to engage in any act or practice that constitutes a violation of any regulation or order under this section, the officer may request the attorney general to bring an action in an appropriate district court in which any person may not be found. (2) remedies. - (a)(a) orders. --(a)(b) orders of action under paragraph (1), the court-- (b) shall issue a temporary restraining order or grant a preliminary or permanent injunction without bond; (b), may also issue a mandatory injunction commanding any person to comply or is engaged in any manner or practice; and (c)(d) may order restitution of moneys received in violation of the regulation prescribed or issued pursuant to section 3 or any order issued or injunction granted under this sections. (b). penalties. --a. --whoever knowingly violates any regulation prescribed and order issued under section 3 shall be fined not more than the amount equal to 200 percent of the amount of such person was unjustly enriched in connection with such violation. (3) actions. --upon a proper showing in any action under subparagraph (1). --a restraining order; (a(b). may also issues a mandatory order commanding any one person to compliance with any order or injunction issued or granted under(f) hearing. --the person against whom any penalty is assessed under this paragraph shall be afforded an agency hearing if such person submits a request for such hearing within 20 days after the issuance of the notice of assessment. (g) collection. -- (i) collection of penalties. --if any person fails to pay an assessment after any penalty assessed underthis paragraph has become final, the officer who imposed the penalty shall recover the amount assessed by action in the appropriate united states district court. (ii) appropriateness of penalty not reviewable. --in any civil action under clause (i), the validity of penalty shall not be subject to review. (h) disbursement. --all penalties collected under authority of this subparagraph shall be deposited into the treasury. sec. 4. administrative procedures. --any officer authorized by the president to exercise authority under this act shall prescribe regulations establishing such procedures as may be necessary to carry out this paragraph. Sec. 5. civil liability. (a) liability established. --ANY person who violates any regulation prescribed or order issued under this Act with respect to any other person shall be liable to such person in an amount equal to the sum of the amounts determined under each of the following paragraphs: (b) penalties imposed. (c) penalties established. (d) penalties determined. (e) penalties awarded. (f) penalties accepted. --each person who fails to comply with any regulation or order issuing under this law or with any order issued by this act with respectto any other persons shall be responsible for such person. (b). actual damages. --a person who is liable to the court for any action by such person, such as-- (a), the amount of any actual damage sustained by any person as a result of such failure; or (b), any amount paid by the injured person to the violator. (2) punitive damages. - (a)(a) individual actions. -- in the case of any action, such additional amount as the court may allow. (B) class actions. -in the caseof a class action, the sum is-- (i- the aggregate of the amount which the court must allow for each named plaintiff; and (ii" the aggregateof the amount that the court can allow for any other class member, without regard to any minimum individual recovery. (3) attorneys' fees. --on the case- any successful action to enforce any liability under paragraph (1) or (2), the costs of the action, together with reasonable</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.7657639980316162</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>43</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Prepaid Card Consumer Protection Act of 2010''. Definition of ``Account''.--Section 903 of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693a) is amended by striking paragraph and inserting the following: ``the term `account'-- ``means-- ``a demand deposit, savings deposit, or other asset account (other than an occasional or incidental credit balance in an open end credit plan as defined in section 103of this Act), as described in regulations of the Bureau, established primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, including a payroll card account, as defined by the Bureau by rule; and ``a spending card account, as defined in section 924; and ``does not include an account held by a financial institution pursuant to a bona fide trust agreement;''. Definition of ``Financial Institution''.--Section 903of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693a) is amended by striking ``holds an account'' and inserting ``provides or holds an account containing funds''. Technical and Conforming Amendments.--Section 903 of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693a) is amended-- by redesignating paragraph (relating to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), as so designated by section 1084of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203; 124 Stat. 2081), as paragraph ; and in paragraph , as so redesignated by paragraph of this subsection, by striking ``term `Bureau' means the Bureau of Governors'' and inserting ``term `Board' means the Board of Governors''. Spending Card Accounts.--The Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693 et seq.) is amended-- by redesignating section 923 (15 U.S.C. 1693 note), relating to the effective date of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, as so designated by section 1073 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203; 124 Stat. 2060), as section 925; by redesignating section 922 (15 U.S.C. 1693r), relating to exemptions for State regulation, as so designated by section 1073 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111-203; 124 Stat. 2060), as section 923; and by inserting after section 923, as redesignated by paragraph , the following: ``Sec. 924. Spending card accounts ``Definition.--For purposes of this section, the term `spending card account'-- ``means an asset account, other than as defined in subparagraph or of section 903-- ``that is established by a consumer or on behalf of a consumer; ``that contains the funds of a consumer; ``to which payments are to be made by a consumer, or at the direction of a consumer; ``to which recurring electronic fund transfers may be made, at the direction of a consumer; or ``from which payments may be made at the direction of a consumer through the use of a card, code, or device; ``includes an asset account described in paragraph -- ``that is operated or managed by a financial institution, or any other person; and ``the funds of which are-- ``pooled with the funds of a person other than the person who established the account; or ``held in a name other than that of the person who established the account; and ``does not include-- ``a nonreloadable general-use prepaid card, as defined in section 915, in an amount that does not exceed $250; ``a general-use prepaid card, as defined in section 915, that is solely associated with-- ``a health plan to which section 105 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 applies; ``a qualified transportation fringe, as defined in section 132of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; ``a health savings account, as defined in section 223of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; or ``any other healthcare benefit account, including a healthcare account relating to Medicare or Medicaid benefits; ``a gift certificate, as defined in section 915; ``a store gift card, as defined in section 915; ``an electronic promise, plastic card, or payment code or device described in clause , , or of section 915; ``a nonreloadable card labeled as a gift card and marketed solely as a gift card; or ``a nonreloadable loyalty, rebate or promotional card. ``FDIC Insurance.-- ``Insurance required.--A financial institution may only offer electronic fund transfer services in connection with a spending card account if the account is insured under, and complies with the requirements for pass-through deposit insurance under, section 11 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1821). ``Transfer of funds.--Any person that accepts funds in connection with an electronic fund transfer to a spending card account shall promptly, and in no event later than 24 hours after the person accepts the funds-- ``transfer such funds to an account at an insured depository institution (as defined in section 3of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813)); or ``credit the spending card account an amount equal to the amount of such funds. ``Alternative to Periodic Statement.-- ``Periodic statement not required.--In the case of an electronic fund transfer from a spending card account, a financial institution shall not be subject to the requirement under section 906to provide a periodic statement to a consumer, if-- ``the financial institution provides to the consumer-- ``access to the account balance of the consumer-- ``through a readily available telephone line; ``through the Internet; and ``at an electronic terminal or other device that allows the consumer to make a balance inquiry, by providing balance information or, routinely or upon request, on a receipt provided at the electronic terminal at the time of an electronic fund transfer; ``notice of the means by which the consumer may access the account balance of the consumer, including any telephone number; ``in response to an oral or written request of the consumer, a written record of the account transactions of the consumer during the 2-year period ending on the date of the request that includes the information required to be provided to the consumer under section 906; ``an electronic record, such as a record available on the Internet, of the account transactions of the consumer during the 60-day period ending on the date on which the consumer accesses the electronic record that includes the information required to be provided to the consumer under section 906; ``with at least the same frequency as a written periodic statement that would otherwise be required under section 906, notification by email of the availability of an electronic history or an electronic periodic statement, unless the consumer has declined to provide an email address; ``the option to receive a written periodic statement and notice of such option; ``annual notice of the error resolution procedure for the spending card account, as prescribed in regulations of the Bureau; and ``any other transaction information that the financial institution elects to make available and that the consumer elects to receive, such as messages or alerts concerning balance levels or account activity; or ``the consumer does not provide a valid address to the card issuer. ``Fees prohibited.-- ``In general.--Except as provided in subparagraph , a financial institution may not charge a fee for any service provided under paragraph . ``Fee for written periodic statement.--A financial institution may charge a fee of not more than $1 for each written periodic statement provided under paragraph . ``No election by consumer.--If a consumer does not provide an email address to a financial institution and does not elect to receive written periodic statements under paragraph , the financial institution shall provide a written statement to the consumer at least once each year, at no cost to the consumer, that contains the date, source, and amount of each transaction made or fee charged, together with such additional information as the Bureau may require. ``Limitations on Liability.--For purposes of section 909, reimbursement need not be made to a consumer for a loss relating to a spending card account that a financial institution establishes would not have occurred but for the failure of the consumer to report any unauthorized electronic fund transfer or account error-- ``not later than 60 days after the earlier of-- ``the receipt by the consumer of a written account record under subsection that includes the unauthorized electronic fund transfer or account error; or ``the date on which account information that includes the unauthorized electronic fund transfer or account error is provided to or accessed by the consumer under subsection ; or ``in extenuating circumstances, such as extended travel or hospitalization, within a longer time that is reasonable under the circumstances. ``Fees.-- ``Fees prohibited.--Except as provided in paragraph , a financial institution may not charge in connection with a spending card account-- ``an annual fee; ``an overdraft fee, including a fee for shortage or nonsufficient funds, or any other fee for a transaction processed for amounts exceeding the account balance; ``a usage fee for use at the point of sale; ``a fee for a declined transaction; ``a fee for the use of an electronic terminal that is in the network of the issuer; ``an inactivity or dormancy fee; ``a fee for a balance inquiry or access to transaction information; ``a fee for an inquiry to customer service; ``a finance charge or other fee imposed in connection with an extension of credit; ``an account closing fee or a fee to obtain the remaining balance in the spending card account; or ``a fee for any activity not described in paragraph . ``Fees permitted.--A financial institution may charge in connection with a spending card account-- ``a fee for a replacement card-- ``of not more than $5 for the first replacement card requested by a consumer during any 12-month period; and ``that is in addition to the replacement card described in clause ; ``a fee for expedited delivery of a replacement card; ``a periodic fee, not more frequently than monthly; ``a reload fee, or any other fee for adding value to the spending card account, if the financial institution provides an alternate method for adding value to the spending card account without a fee; ``a fee for a transfer from the spending card account to another account; ``a fee for bill payment by check; ``a fee for a withdrawal by the consumer from an electronic terminal that is-- ``located outside the United States; ``not in the network of the financial institution, including a fee to cover the costs of any charge to the financial institution by the owner of the electronic terminal relating to the use of the electronic terminal by the consumer; ``a fee for a purchase or a withdrawal in a foreign currency; and ``an activation, initiation, or enrollment fee. ``Disclosure of fee information.-- ``Disclosure required.--Each financial institution that offers a spending card account shall provide to a consumer-- ``together with any application, offer, or solicitation for a spending card account-- ``a table of any fees that may be charged in connection with the spending card account that-- ``can be easily understood by the consumer; ``is conspicuously displayed to the consumer before purchase; and ``includes, at a minimum, the amount and a description of each fee that may be charged by the financial institution under paragraph ; and ``an estimate of the average total monthly cost to a typical consumer for using the spending card account; ``on the card or other means of access, a toll-free telephone number and website at which the consumer may access a clear and conspicuous disclosure of the fees that may be charged in connection with the spending card account; and ``a wallet-sized summary of any fees that may be charged in connection with the spending card account and a toll-free telephone number for customer service relating to the spending card account. ``Regulations.--Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of the Prepaid Card Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the Bureau shall establish, by regulation-- ``the headings, content, and format of the fee table, estimate, and wallet-sized fee summary required under subparagraph ; and ``a profile of the typical consumer for purposes of subparagraph .''. Technical and Conforming Amendments.-- Written periodic statements.--Section 906of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693d) is amended, in the first sentence of the matter preceding paragraph , by striking ``A financial'' and inserting ``Except as provided in section 923, a financial''. Error resolution.--Section 908of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693f) is amended by striking ``or notification pursuant to section 906'' and inserting ``, notification pursuant to section 906, or written or electronic documentation pursuant to section 923''. This Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect on the date that is 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "prepaid card consumer protection act of 2010". sec. 2. definitions. (a) definition of "account". --section 903 of the electronic fund transfer act (15 u.s.c. 1693a) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: "(2) the term 'account'-- " (a), means-- " " (i) a demand deposit, savings deposit, or other asset account (other than an occasional or incidental credit balance in an open end credit plan as defined in regulations of the bureau, established primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, including a payroll card account, as defined by the bureau by rule; and " (ii) a spending card account (as defined in section 924 (a); " (b) does not include an account held by a financial institution pursuant to a bona fide trust agreement;". (c) " (d) a credit card account; " (e) a savings deposit or other account held in an account with the bureau; and "(b) is a financial instrument, as described in regulations, as " (c)(i) is an asset account, or " (f) does include an interest-bearing account, which is held by the bank; and (b)(f) Does not include a financial transaction held by an account holder of a financial financial institution, pursuant to the bona fide or trust agreement,". (b(b) Definition of "financial institution". --sections 903(9) of the e fund transfer bill act ( 15 u.S.c.) 1693 a(9)) is amended. --section "holds an account" and inserting "provides or holds an account containing funds". (1) technical and conforming amendments. sec. 3. spending card accounts. (bureau of governors) sec. 4. spending cards accounts. --the electronic fund management act (1693a(15) by redesignating paragraph (4) (relating to the board of governors of the federal reserve system), as so designated by section 1084(2) (a, of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection law (public law 111-203; 124 stat. 2081), as paragraph (3); and (3) by inserting after section 923, as so redesignated by paragraph (1), the "term 'bureau' means the bureau of governors" and "termaccount; or " (ii) held in a name other than that of the person who established the account; and "(3) does not include-- " (a) a nonreloadable general-use prepaid card, as defined in section 915 (a)(2) (a), in an amount that does not exceed $250; " (b) a general-used prepaid card; or (b), a general, use prepaid card that is solely associated with-- " " (i) a health plan to which section 105 of the internal revenue code of 1986 applies; or "(ii) a qualified transportation plan, as designated in section 132 (f) of the Internal revenue codeof 1986; " " "i) any other health savings account, as described in section 223 (d) of 1986; or, " (iv)any other healthcare benefit account, including a healthcare account relating to medicare or medicaid benefits; or" (v) a healthcare plan, which section 103 of theInternal revenue code (b); " (vii) any health plan, including any other healthcare plan; or(vii), any other medical plan,including a healthcare Plan, including the health plan relating to healthcare plan or medicare and medicaid benefit; or"(iv) any healthcare plan that relates to healthcare plans; or (" (viii) anyother healthcare plan to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986); " "c) a gift certificate, which defined in sections 915-a)(1) (b). " (c) gift certificate to the grocery store gift card, or a store giftcard to the gift card to the store gift certificate; or "" (c)(d) a store- gift card. -- "(1) a grocery gift card or store gift cards, or store-gift card, (b): " (e) an electronic promise, plastic card or payment code or device described in clause (i), (v), or (vi) of section 9 15 (a).2) or (d); "f) aNonreloadables card labeled as a gift card and marketed solely as a Gift card. " (g) a credit card labeled solely as gift card; "b) credit the spending card account an amount equal to the amount of such funds. --"(1) fdic insurance required. --a financial institution may only offer electronic fund transfer services in connection with a spending card accounts if the account is insured under, and complies with the requirements for pass-60-day period ending on the date on which the consumer accesses the electronic record that includes the information required to be provided to the consumer under section 906 (c); " (v) with at least the same frequency as a written periodic statement that would otherwise be required under section906, notification by email of the availability of an electronic history or an electronic periodic statement, unless the consumer has declined to provide an email address; " (vi) the option to receive a written monthly statement and notice of such option; "-vii) annual notice of the error resolution procedure for the spending card account, as prescribed in regulations of the bureau; and " (biii) any other transaction information that the financial institution elects to make available and that the consumer elects not to receive, such as messages or alerts concerning balance levels or account activity; or " (a) the consumer does not provide a valid address to the card issuer. "(2) fees prohibited. -- " (1) in general. --except as provided in subparagraph (b), a financial institution may not charge a fee for any service provided under paragraph (1). " (c) or any other service provided by the consumer. --(b) fee for written periodic statements. --a financial institution is not responsible for charging a fee of not more than $1 for each written periodic Statement provided under subparagraph (1. " (3) (vi). "(3) no election by consumer. -if a consumer does or does not elect to receive written periodic Statements. --and " (ab) ingeneral. --unless as providedIn subparagraph (a), afinancial institution may provide a feefor any service providing under paragraph,1). “ (b) fees for each Written periodic statement. --the financial institution will charge a charge for each write periodic statement provided under (1), "a) (v). "(4) any election by consumers. --if a consumers does or elect to provide email address to a consumer and does not require to receive Written periodic statements under paragraph— " (d) (a). --(a) in the consumer's case. --for purposes of section 909 (c)(1), the financial institutions shall provide a written account record under subsection (c), the consumer may provide the written statement to the Consumer at least once each year, at no cost to the consumers, that contains the date, source, and amount of each transaction made or fee charged, together with such additional information as the bureau may require. "replacement card requested by a consumer during any 12-month period; and " (ii) that is in addition to the replacement card described in clause (i); " (b) a fee for expedited delivery of a replacement card; " (c) a periodic fee, not more frequently than monthly; " " (d) a reload fee, or any other fee for adding value to the spending card account, if the financial institution provides an alternate method for adding Value to the Spending card account without a fee; "c) an additional fee for a transfer from the spending credit account to another account; "f) a transaction for bill payment by check; "g) a transfer by the consumer from an electronic terminal that is-- " (i) located outside the united states; "or(i) not in the network of the financial institutions, including a fee to cover the costs of any charge to the consumer by the owner of the electronic terminal relating to the use of the e terminal by the consumers; " “ (h) a fees for a purchase or a purchase of a foreign currency; " a fee or a withdrawal in a foreign Currency; and "(3) disclosure of fee information. -- " (a) disclosure required. --each financial institution that offers a spending card accounts shall provide to a consumer-- " " "or a transaction to cover expenses of any fee to the institution by the occupant of the Electronic terminal relatingto the use or electronic terminal; " -h) an electronic payment to the owner or the consumer relating to a use of a electronic terminal or the user; " "(h) A fee for the purchase or an withdrawal in foreign currency, and " " a withdrawal or a return of foreign currency. "(3). disclosure of fees information. - " (A) financial institution required. —each financial institutions that offers, offer a spending credit card account shall provide a consumer with-- (i" together with any application, offer, or solicitation for a spending account-- " ” a table of any fees that may be charged in connection with the spending Card account that-- "(aa) can be easily understood by the individual; "(bb) is conspicuously displayed to the consumers before purchase; and"(cc) includes, at a minimum, the amount and a description of each fee that maybe charged by the institution under paragraph (2); and " ’ an estimate of the average total monthly cost to a typical consumer for using the spending account; and (ii (a estimate of a typical total</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5109919905662537</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>44</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Appalachian Regional Development Act Amendments of 2002''. This Act.--The purposes of this Act are-- to reauthorize the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.); and to ensure that the people and businesses of the Appalachian region have the knowledge, skills, and access to telecommunication and technology services necessary to compete in the knowledge-based economy of the United States. Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965.--Section 2 of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended-- in subsection , by inserting after the third sentence the following: ``Consistent with the goal described in the preceding sentence, the Appalachian region should be able to take advantage of eco-industrial development, which promotes both employment and economic growth and the preservation of natural resources.''; and in subsection , by inserting ``, including eco-industrial development technologies'' before the semicolon. Section 102of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended-- in paragraph , by inserting ``, and support,'' after ``formation of''; in paragraph , by striking ``and'' at the end; in paragraph , by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and by adding at the end the following: ``encourage the use of eco-industrial development technologies and approaches; and ``seek to coordinate the economic development activities of, and the use of economic development resources by, Federal agencies in the region.''. Section 104 of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended-- by striking ``The President'' and inserting ``In General.--The President''; and by adding at the end the following: ``Interagency Coordinating Council on Appalachia.-- ``Establishment.--In carrying out subsection , the President shall establish an interagency council to be known as the `Interagency Coordinating Council on Appalachia'. ``Membership.--The Council shall be composed of-- ``the Federal Cochairman, who shall serve as Chairperson of the Council; and ``representatives of Federal agencies that carry out economic development programs in the region.''. Title II of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended by inserting after section 202 the following: `` ``In General.--The Commission may provide technical assistance, make grants, enter into contracts, or otherwise provide funds to persons or entities in the region for projects-- ``to increase affordable access to advanced telecommunications, entrepreneurship, and management technologies or applications in the region; ``to provide education and training in the use of telecommunications and technology; ``to develop programs to increase the readiness of industry groups and businesses in the region to engage in electronic commerce; or ``to support entrepreneurial opportunities for businesses in the information technology sector. ``Source of Funding.-- ``In general.--Assistance under this section may be provided-- ``exclusively from amounts made available to carry out this section; or ``from amounts made available to carry out this section in combination with amounts made available under any other Federal program or from any other source. ``Federal share requirements specified in other laws.-- Notwithstanding any provision of law limiting the Federal share under any other Federal program, amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to increase that Federal share, as the Commission determines to be appropriate. ``Cost Sharing for Grants.--Not more than 50 percent (or 80 percent in the case of a project to be carried out in a county for which a distressed county designation is in effect under section 226) of the costs of any activity eligible for a grant under this section may be provided from funds appropriated to carry out this section.''. Title II of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended by inserting after section 203 (as added by section 5) the following: `` ``Definition of Business Incubator Service.--In this section, the term `business incubator service' means a professional or technical service necessary for the initiation and initial sustainment of the operations of a newly established business, including a service such as-- ``a legal service, including aid in preparing a corporate charter, partnership agreement, or basic contract; ``a service in support of the protection of intellectual property through a patent, a trademark, or any other means; ``a service in support of the acquisition and use of advanced technology, including the use of Internet services and Web-based services; and ``consultation on strategic planning, marketing, or advertising. ``Projects To Be Assisted.--The Commission may provide technical assistance, make grants, enter into contracts, or otherwise provide funds to persons or entities in the region for projects-- ``to support the advancement of, and provide, entrepreneurial training and education for youths, students, and businesspersons; ``to improve access to debt and equity capital by such means as facilitating the establishment of development venture capital funds; ``to aid communities in identifying, developing, and implementing development strategies for various sectors of the economy; and ``to develop a working network of business incubators; and ``to support entities that provide business incubator services. ``Source of Funding.-- ``In general.--Assistance under this section may be provided-- ``exclusively from amounts made available to carry out this section; or ``from amounts made available to carry out this section in combination with amounts made available under any other Federal program or from any other source. ``Federal share requirements specified in other laws.-- Notwithstanding any provision of law limiting the Federal share under any other Federal program, amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to increase that Federal share, as the Commission determines to be appropriate. ``Cost Sharing for Grants.--Not more than 50 percent (or 80 percent in the case of a project to be carried out in a county for which a distressed county designation is in effect under section 226) of the costs of any activity eligible for a grant under this section may be provided from funds appropriated to carry out this section.''. Title II of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended by inserting after section 204 (as added by section 6) the following: `` ``Definition of Eligible Entity.--In this section, the term `eligible entity' means a consortium that-- ``is established to serve 1 or more industries in a specified geographic area; and ``consists of representatives of-- ``businesses (or a nonprofit organization that represents businesses); ``labor organizations; ``State and local governments; or ``educational institutions. ``Projects To Be Assisted.--The Commission may provide technical assistance, make grants, enter into contracts, or otherwise provide funds to eligible entities in the region for projects to improve the job skills of workers for a specified industry, including projects for-- ``the assessment of training and job skill needs for the industry; ``the development of curricula and training methods, including, in appropriate cases, electronic learning or technology- based training; ``the identification of training providers; and ``the development of partnerships between the industry and educational institutions, including community colleges; ``the development of apprenticeship programs; ``the development of training programs for workers, including dislocated workers; and ``the development of training plans for businesses. ``Administrative Costs.--An eligible entity may use not more than 10 percent of the funds made available to the eligible entity under subsection to pay administrative costs associated with the projects described in subsection . ``Source of Funding.-- ``In general.--Assistance under this section may be provided-- ``exclusively from amounts made available to carry out this section; or ``from amounts made available to carry out this section in combination with amounts made available under any other Federal program or from any other source. ``Federal share requirements specified in other laws.-- Notwithstanding any provision of law limiting the Federal share under any other Federal program, amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to increase that Federal share, as the Commission determines to be appropriate. ``Cost Sharing for Grants.--Not more than 50 percent (or 80 percent in the case of a project to be carried out in a county for which a distressed county designation is in effect under section 226) of the costs of any activity eligible for a grant under this section may be provided from funds appropriated to carry out this section.''. Elimination of Growth Center Criteria.--Section 224of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended by striking ``in an area determined by the State have a significant potential for growth or''. Assistance to Distressed Counties and Areas.--Section 224 of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Assistance to Distressed Counties and Areas.--For fiscal year 2003 and each fiscal year thereafter, not less than 50 percent of the amount of grant expenditures approved by the Commission shall support activities or projects that benefit severely and persistently distressed counties and areas.''. DISTRICTS. Section 302of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended by inserting ``(or, at the discretion of the Commission, 75 percent of such expenses in the case of a local development district that has a charter or authority that includes the economic development of a county or part of a county for which a distressed county designation is in effect under section 226)'' after ``such expenses''. Section 401 of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended to read as follows: `` ``In General.--In addition to amounts authorized by section 201 and other amounts made available for the Appalachian development highway system program, there are authorized to be appropriated to the Commission to carry out this Act-- ``$88,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2002 through 2004; ``$90,000,000 for fiscal year 2005; and ``$92,000,000 for fiscal year 2006. ``Telecommunications and Technology Initiative.--Of the amounts made available under subsection , the following amounts may be made available to carry out section 203: ``$10,000,000 for fiscal year 2002. ``$8,000,000 for fiscal year 2003. ``$5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2004 through 2006. ``Availability.--Sums made available under subsection shall remain available until expended.''. Section 403 of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended-- in the third undesignated paragraph (relating to Kentucky)-- by inserting ``Edmonson,'' after ``Cumberland,''; by inserting ``Hart,'' after ``Harlan,''; and by striking ``Montogomery,'' and inserting ``Montgomery,''; and in the fifth undesignated paragraph (relating to Mississippi)-- by inserting ``Montgomery,'' after ``Monroe,''; and by inserting ``Panola,'' after ``Oktibbeha,''. Section 405 of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended by striking ``2001'' and inserting ``2006''. Section 101of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended in the third sentence by striking ``implementing investment program'' and inserting ``strategy statement''. Section 106of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended by striking ``expiring no later than September 30, 2001''. Sections 202, 214, and 302of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) are amended by striking ``grant-in-aid programs'' each place it appears and inserting ``grant programs''. Section 202of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended in the second sentence by striking ``title VI of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 291-291o), the Mental Retardation Facilities and Community Mental Health Centers Construction Act of 1963 (77 Stat. 282),'' and inserting ``title VI of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 291 et seq.), the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 15001 et seq.),''. Section 207of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended by striking ``section 221 of the National Housing Act, section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937, section 515 of the Housing Act of 1949,'' and inserting ``section 221 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715l), section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), section 515 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1485),''. Section 214 of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended-- in the section heading, by striking ``grant-in-aid'' and inserting ``grant''; in subsection -- by striking ``grant-in-aid Act'' each place it appears and inserting ``Act''; in the first sentence, by striking ``grant-in-aid Acts'' and inserting ``Acts''; by striking ``grant-in-aid program'' each place it appears and inserting ``grant program''; and by striking the third sentence; by striking subsection and inserting the following: ``Definition of Federal Grant Program.-- ``In general.--In this section, the term `Federal grant program' means any Federal grant program authorized by this Act or any other Act that provides assistance for-- ``the acquisition or development of land; ``the construction or equipment of facilities; or ``any other community or economic development or economic adjustment activity. ``Inclusions.--In this section, the term `Federal grant program' includes a Federal grant program such as a Federal grant program authorized by-- ``the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1921 et seq.); ``the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 (16 U.S.C. 460l-4 et seq.); ``the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.); ``the Carl D. Perkins Vocational and Technical Education Act of 1998 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.); ``the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); ``title VI of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 291 et seq.); ``sections 201 and 209 of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3141, 3149); ``title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); or ``part IV of title III of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 390 et seq.). ``Exclusions.--In this section, the term `Federal grant program' does not include-- ``the program for construction of the Appalachian development highway system authorized by section 201; ``any program relating to highway or road construction authorized by title 23, United States Code; or ``any other program under this Act or any other Act to the extent that a form of financial assistance other than a grant is authorized.''; and by striking subsection . Section 224of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended by striking ``relative per capita income'' and inserting ``per capita market income''. Section 225 of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.)-- in subsection , by striking ``development program'' and inserting ``development strategies''; and in subsection , by striking ``development programs'' and inserting ``development strategies''. Section 303 of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended-- in the section heading, by striking ``investment programs'' and inserting ``strategy statements''; in the first sentence, by striking ``implementing investments programs'' and inserting ``strategy statements''; and by striking ``implementing investment program'' each place it appears and inserting ``strategy statement''. Section 403 of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 (40 U.S.C. App.) is amended in the next-to-last undesignated paragraph by striking ``Committee on Public Works and Transportation'' and inserting ``Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure''. Speaker of the House of Representatives. Vice President of the United States and President of the Senate."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "appalachian regional development act amendments of 2002". sec. 2. purposes. (a) this act. --the purposes of this act are-- (1) to reauthorize the appalachian Regional development act of 1965 (40 u.s.c. app.); and (2) to ensure that the people and businesses of the appachian region have the knowledge, skills, and access to telecommunication and technology services necessary to compete in the knowledge-based economy of the united states. (b) appalachia regional development acts of 1965.--section 2 of the applicationalachian region development act (40 U.S.C. app.) is amended. --by inserting after the third sentence the following: "consistent with the goal described in the preceding sentence, and the use of eco-industrial development, which promotes both employment and economic growth and the preservation of natural resources. "; and (1b) in subsection (c)(2) (b)(ii), by inserting after "third sentence" and after "fourth sentence", by inserting the following, "consist with the goals described in paragraph (b), the appalian region should be able to take advantage of eco -industrial development. ", by inserting "consconsistentwith the goal description in paragraph 3," by inserting ", and the eco-industry development, and promoting both employment- economic growth, which is both employment, economic growth; and the protection of natural resource. ";" and ( 2) in subsections (c(2) and (b(ii),by inserting ", including eco-Industrial development technologies" before the semicolon. sec. 3. functions of the commission. section 102 (a)(a) of the appsalachian national development actof 1965 (60 u.ss. c. app., is amended-- ( 1) in paragraph 1 (5), by insertion ", and support," after "formation of"; (2" in paragraph, by striking "and" at the end; (3) inparagraph (8), by striking the period at the beginning and inserting a semicolón; and "4) by adding at the tail end the following:" "(9) encourage the use and use of energy resources by, federal agencies in the region; and "(10) seek to coordinate the economic development activities of, andthe use of economic development resources by the federal agencies. ". sec. 4. interagency coordinating councilunder any other federal program, amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to increase that federal share, as the commission determines to be appropriate. " (c) cost sharing for grants. --not more than 50 percent (or 80 percent in the case of a project to be carried out in a county for which a distressed county designation is in effect under section 226) of the costs of any activity eligible for a grant under this section. " sec. 6. entrepreneurship initiative. title ii of the appalachian regional development act of 1965 (40 u.s.c. app.) is amended by inserting after section 203 (as added by section 5) the following: "sec. 204. entrepreneurial initiative. " Sec. 5. appalachia regional development law. title iii of the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 is amended. --in this section, title ii (40 o.s.,s.a. app. is amended to include the following. "Sec. 5) is amendedby inserting after sections 203 (As added by sections 5) and the following:(as added to section 5. the following): "sec (a) definition of business incubator service. --a) the term 'business incubatorservice' means a professional or technical service necessary for the initiation and initial sustainment of the operations of a newly established business, including a service such as-- "(1) a legal service, including aid in preparing a corporate charter, partnership agreement, or basic contract; "(2) a service in support of the protection of intellectual property through a patent, a trademark, or any other means; "(3) to support the acquisition and use of advanced technology, including the use of internet services and web-based services; and "(4) consultation on strategic planning, marketing, or advertising. " " (b) projects to be assisted. --the commission may provide technical assistance, make grants, enter into contracts, or otherwise provide funds to persons or entities in the region for projects. --assistance in the area may be provided to persons and entities that provide business incubators, including those who provide business training and education for youths, students, and businesspersons; "(1,2) to improve access to debt and equity capital by such means as facilitating the establishment of development venture capital funds; "(4, to aid communities in identifying, developing, and implementing development strategies for various sectors of the economy; " (4) to develop a working network of businesses incubators; and " (a"(2) the development of curricula and training methods, including, in appropriate cases, electronic learning or technology- based training; "(3) (a) the identification of training providers; and " (b) the establishment of partnerships between the industry and educational institutions, including community colleges; "(4) the creation of apprenticeship programs; "(5) the developing of training programs for workers, including dislocated workers; and "(6) the design of training plans for businesses. " (c) administrative costs. --an eligible entity may use not more than 10 percent of the funds made available to the eligible entity under subsection (b), the funds described in subsection (a), the amount of funds appropriated to the commission to carry out this section. --in addition to amounts authorized by section 201 and other amounts made available for the appalachian development highway system program, there are authorized to be appropriated at the end of the following fiscal year to the Commission's discretion. "(a) " administrative costs associated with the projects described in subsections (b). " (d) source of funding. -- "(1) in general. --assistance under this section may be provided-- " (a" exclusively from amounts made accessible to carryout this section; or " (B) from amounts available to carry Out this section in combination with amounts madeavailable under any other federal program or from any other source. "(2) federal share requirements specified in other laws. -- notwithstanding any provision of law limiting the federal share under any federal program, amounts make available to carried out this period may be used to increase that federal share, as the commission determines to be appropriate. -- " (e) cost sharing for grants. --not more than 50 percent (or 80 percent in the case of a project to be carried out in a county for which a distressed county designation is in effect under section 226) of the costs of any activity eligible for a grant under this subsection may be obtained from funds appropriated by the commission. " " (f) program development criteria. --section 224 (a)(1) (i) elimination of growth center criteria. (a.e. the program development act of 1965 (40 u.s.c. app.) is amended by inserting "(or, at the discretion of the commission, 75 percent of such expenses in the application of growth centers that has a charter or authority that includes the economic development of a county or part of a County for which the distressed county status is not in effect over section 226)" after "such expenses(1) in the third undesignated paragraph (relating to kentucky)-- (a) by inserting "edmonson," after "cumberland,"; (b) by striking "hart," before "harlan,"; and (c) by "harsha," after the "harbor," and (b), after "harbour," and "hararlan." sec. 12. technical and conforming amendments. (a, section 405 of the appalachian regional development act of 1965 (40 u.s.c. app.) is amended in the second sentence, by striking the "federal grant program" and inserting "carpool," after a "cabool," and inserting the "monroe," after (monroe, after "monro," and, (b). sec. 13. termination. section 405 (a)(1) is amended by striking and striking "2001" and "2001"; and (a), section 405(b) is amend by striking (and inserting "2001", after "2001"); and "2006". sec. 14. termination of the application. sec. 15. technical, conforming changes. (b, section 101 (b)(1), section 101, section 102 (b-1) and section 102(b)(2) of the Appalachian Regional Development act of 1964 (40 U.S.c.) is modified in the first sentence by striking, striking "implementing investment program" each place it appears and inserting, "strategy statement". (b. section 106(7) of an appalachia regional development law of 1965-40 ua.c." is amended. (d) section 105(7), section 105 (a-1), and (2) section 106 (a)-1) (a ) of the APPalachian Region development act (40 o.s.)c. (40 in.s.). app.) are amended by the following: (a.a) and the "garden program" (a); (b(a) section 202 (a). and (ab) section 203(a). (a; ) the national housing act (2 u.sh.c) and (3) the housing act, section 515 of the housing acts of 1949 (42 u.ss.C. app. ) (f) section 214 of the national development act, the public health service act, public health services act, and bill of rights act of 2000 (perkins vocational and technical education act of 1998 (20 u.s.c. 2301 et seq.); " (e) the federal water pollution control act (33 u.S.c., 1251 et seq.) ); " (f) title vi of the public health service act (42 u.ss.c, 291 et seq., ); " " (g) sections 201 and 209 of the federal works and economic development act of 1965 (42 U.s.-c. 3141, 3149); " " "h) title i of the housing and community development act (43 u.sf. 5301 et.); or " (i) part iv of title iii of the communications act of 1934 (47 u.sh.c.- 390 et seq.). "(3) exclusions. --in this section, the term 'federal grant program' does not include-- " (a) the program for construction of the appalachian development highway system authorized by section 201; " (b) any program relating to highway or road construction authorized by title 23, united states code; or " " any program under this act or any other act to the extent that a form of financial assistance other than a grant is authorized. "; and (4) exclusion. -- in this section and the term�federal grants program' do not include -- " (A) the project for construction or construction of an appalachia development highway or highway systemauthorized by section201; " "b) the construction of any program related to highway and road construction authorization by title 3, united state code; " or (c) any other program relating the highway or Road construction authorized under title 23; or (d) any Other program under any act or the other Act to the degree that a forms of financial Assistance other than A grant is permitted. ", and ( 4) by striking subsection (d). (g( section 224 (a)(2) of the appsalachian regional development actof 1965 (40 u.sp. c. app.) is amended-- (1) in the section heading, by striking "investment programs" and inserting "relative per capita income"; and (2) by inserting "per capita market income". (h) section 225 of the Appalachian Regional development act is amended by striking a relative per capita per capita economic income and inserting (per capita income". "; (1" in subsection (c)(3), by striking the "development program" and "development strategies</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6113225817680359</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>45</ROW><BILL>"AUXILIARY OF THE AIR FORCE. In General.--Chapter 909 of title 10, United States Code, is amended-- by redesignating section 9442 as section 9443; and by inserting after section 9441 the following new section: ``Sec. 9442. Air Force role in management ``Administrative Responsibility.--In its capacity as a federally chartered corporation under chapter 403 of title 36 and a volunteer civilian auxiliary of the Air Force, the Civil Air Patrol shall be administered by the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, under the direction of the Secretary of the Air Force. For command, control, and administrative purposes, the Civil Air Patrol shall have such organizational elements as are approved by the Secretary of the Air Force in regulations. ``Board of Directors.--The Secretary of the Air Force shall appoint a National Board of Directors for the Civil Air Patrol. The National Board of Directors shall be composed of the following: ``General officers of the Air Force, including the Air Force Reserve and Air National Guard. ``Senior civilian employees of the Department of the Air Force. ``Members appointed from the volunteer Civil Air Patrol membership. ``The chairman of the National Board of Directors shall be the member of the Board who is the senior active duty Air Force officer. The members of the Board appointed under paragraph may not exceed a minority of the Board. ``Executive Direction.--The National Board of Directors shall appoint for the Civil Air Patrol the following: ``A National Commander, to be appointed from the civilian volunteer membership of the Civil Air Patrol. ``An Executive Director. ``A Safety Officer. ``An Inspector General. ``The Executive Director, Safety Officer, and Inspector General appointed under paragraph shall report directly to the Secretary of the Air Force through the National Board of Directors. ``The Chief of Staff of the Air Force may assign officers and enlisted members of the Air Force on active duty and civilian employees of the Department of the Air Force to serve on the staff of the national headquarters of the Civil Air Patrol. ``Effect of Appointment or Assignment.--The appointment or assignment of members of the armed forces or civilian employees under subsection or is not precluded by any law or regulation prohibiting active duty members of the armed forces or civilian employees from participating in the management of non-Federal entities. ``An officer or enlisted member of the Air Force appointed to or assigned to duty in a Civil Air Patrol management position specified in subsection or shall not receive any compensation, other than the regular military compensation to which the officer or member is otherwise entitled, as a result of the appointment or assignment. ``Use of Civil Air Patrol Members and Employees.--The Executive Director and National Board of Directors may use such Civil Air Patrol employees and volunteer Civil Air Patrol members as the Executive Director and National Board of Directors considers necessary to administer the Civil Air Patrol and to ensure that it is capable of assisting the Department of the Air Force in the performance of its noncombat mission. ``Except as provided in section 9441of this title, a member of the Civil Air Patrol or an employee of the Civil Air Patrol is not a Federal employee and is not subject to the provisions of law relating to Federal employment, including those relating to hours of work, rates of compensation, leave, unemployment compensation, Federal employee benefits, ethics, conflicts of interest, and other similar criminal or civil statutes and regulations governing the conduct of Federal employees. However, nothing in this paragraph shall constrain the Secretary of the Air Force from prescribing standards of conduct and behavior for Civil Air Patrol members and employees. ``Funds Management.--All funds provided to the Civil Air Patrol under subsections and of section 9441 of this title, or any other provision of law, are subject to the requirements of sections 6304 and 6305 of title 31 (commonly known as the Federal Grant and Cooperative Agreement Act) and the Federal regulations governing the provision of appropriated funds to private, nonprofit organizations. ``Relation to Federal Charter.--The powers granted to the Civil Air Patrol in section 40304 of title 36, including the power to adopt a constitution, bylaws, and regulations, are subject to the approval of the Secretary of the Air Force under the authority granted to the Secretary by this section and are subject to any policies, regulations, or instructions issued by the Secretary under that authority.''. Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by striking the item relating to section 9442 and inserting the following new items: ``9442. Air Force role in management. ``9443. Assistance by other agencies.''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. air force role in management of civil air patrol as civilian auxiliary of the air force. (a) in general. --chapter 909 of title 10, united states code, is amended-- (1) by redesignating section 9442 as section 9443; and (2) by inserting after section 9441 the following new section: "sec. 9442. airforce role in managing civil air patrols as civilian air patrol. " (b) administrative responsibility. --in its capacity as a federally chartered corporation under chapter 403 of title 36 and a volunteer civilian auxiliary. --(a) administrative responsibilities. -- in its capacity under chapter 36 of title 39 of title 48 of the United States code, the civil air Patrol shall be administered by the chief of staff of the Air force, under the direction of the secretary of the army. for command, control, and administrative purposes, the Civil air patrol shall have such organizational elements as are approved by the secretary and national board of directors. " " (c) administrative authority. --the secretary of air force shall appoint a national board for the civil Air patrol. the national board shall be composed of the following: " (a. executive director, executive director and national boards of directors." (b. executive directors, executive directors) executive directors and national directors. (c). executive director. -- executive director shall appoint to the secretary the airforce shall appoint and appoint a senior active duty air force officer. the board is composed of a national director and executive director of the national air patrol and the national boards are composed of: "(a. general officers of the military reserve and air national guard. ") senior civilian employees of the department of the open force. "c) members appointed from the volunteer civil air cell membership. "(2) the chairman of the executive director or executive director who is the senior Active duty air patrol member. "(3) the executive directors shall be the member of the board who is not the senior activeduty air force or the members of the boards appointed under paragraph (1). the members are not exceed a minority of the Board. "(c) executive direction. --d) the national executive direction, executive direction and --(1) the National Board of directors shall appoint for the Civil Air patrol the following, to be appointed from a national commander, to the civilian volunteer membership of the civilair patrol. (b). " (d) an executive director." " (e) a safety officer. "-d) a inspector general.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.7459227442741394</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>46</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Removal of Terrorist Criminal Aliens Act of 2003''. In General.--Title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 238 the following: `` ``In General.--The Secretary of Homeland Security, in such Secretary's discretion, may in the case of an alien described in subsection , determine whether such alien is deportable and issue a final order of removal pursuant to the procedures set forth in this section. ``Aliens Described.--An alien is described in this subsection if-- ``the alien, whether or not admitted into the United States, was convicted of any criminal offense described in paragraph , , or of section 237(without regard to the date of the commission of the offense); and ``the Secretary of Homeland Security, in such Secretary's discretion and in consultation with appropriate heads of agencies of the executive branch, certifies that the alien is engaged in any activity that endangers the national security of the United States. ``Execution of Order.-- ``In general.--The Secretary of Homeland Security, in such Secretary's discretion, may at any time execute any order described in subsection , except-- ``during the 14-day period commencing after the date on which such order is issued, in order that the alien has an opportunity to apply for judicial review under section 242, unless this subparagraph is waived by the alien; or ``if the removal has been stayed under section 242. ``Review.--Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 2241 of title 28, United States Code, no court other than a court of appeals pursuant to its jurisdiction under section 242 of this Act shall have jurisdiction to review or set aside any order, action, or decision taken or issued pursuant to this section. Review in the court of appeals shall be limited to determining whether the petitioner is-- ``an alien; and ``subject to a final judgment of conviction for an offense described in paragraph , , or of section 237. ``Regulations.--Proceedings before the Secretary of Homeland Security under this section shall be in accordance with such regulations as such Secretary shall prescribe. Such regulations shall provide that-- ``the alien shall be given reasonable notice of the grounds for removal alleged and of the opportunity described in paragraph ; ``the alien shall have the privilege of being represented (at no expense to the Government) by such counsel, authorized to practice in such proceedings, as the alien shall choose; ``the alien shall have a reasonable opportunity to inspect the evidence and rebut the charges that the alien is subject to a final judgment of conviction for an offense described in paragraph , , or of section 237; ``a determination shall be made on the record that the individual upon whom the notice for the proceeding under this section is served (either in person or by mail) is, in fact, the alien named in such notice; ``a record shall be maintained for judicial review; and ``the final order of removal may not be adjudicated by the same person who issues the charges. ``Eligibility for Certain Relief.--No alien described in subsection , regardless of whether the alien is subject to procedures under this section or to proceedings under section 240, shall be eligible for withholding under section 241or for any discretionary relief from removal under the immigration laws of the United States.''. Clerical Amendment.--The table of contents for the Immigration and Nationality Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 238 the following: ``238A. Expedited removal of terrorist criminal aliens.''. In General.--Section 241of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231) is amended-- in paragraph -- by striking ``Attorney General'' each place such term appears and inserting ``Secretary of Homeland Security''; in each of subparagraphs and , by striking the period at the end and inserting ``unless, in the opinion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, removing the alien to such country would be prejudicial to the United States.''; and by amending subparagraph to read as follows: ``Alternative countries.--If the alien is not removed to a country designated in subparagraph or , the Secretary of Homeland Security may, in such Secretary's discretion, remove the alien to-- ``the country of which the alien is a citizen, subject, or national, unless the country prevents the alien from entering the country upon the alien's removal there; or ``any country whose government will accept the alien into that country.''; and in paragraph -- by striking ``Attorney General'' each place such term appears and inserting ``Secretary of Homeland Security''; by amending subparagraph to read as follows: ``Alternative countries.--If the alien is not removed to a country designated under subparagraph , the Secretary of Homeland Security may, in such Secretary's discretion, remove the alien to a country of which the alien is a subject, national, or citizen, unless-- ``the country prevents the alien from entering the country upon the alien's removal there; or ``in the opinion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, removing the alien to the country would be prejudicial to the United States.''; and by amending subparagraph to read as follows: ``Any country whose government will accept the alien into that country.''. Effective Date.--The amendments made by subsection shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to any deportation, exclusion, or removal on or after such date pursuant to any deportation, exclusion, or removal order, regardless of whether such order is administratively final before, on, or after such date. Section 237of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``National security.-- ``Aliens other than lawful permanent residents.--An alien, other than an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence, whose presence or activities in the United States the Attorney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security has reason to believe poses or pose a danger to the national security of the United States (as defined in section 219), is deportable. ``Delegation.--Delegation by the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security of authority to make determinations for the purpose of establishing deportability under this subparagraph shall be limited to the Deputy Attorney General and the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, respectively. ``Best available information.--In making determinations for the purpose of establishing whether an alien is deportable under this subparagraph, the Attorney General or the Deputy Attorney General, and the Secretary of Homeland Security or Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, may take into account the best available information from the intelligence community, including confidential or national security information, and shall consult with appropriate heads of agencies of the executive branch. ``Judicial review.--A determination made under this subparagraph shall be affirmed if challenged in Federal court where a facially legitimate and bona fide reason in support of the determination is provided. ``Relief and withholding.--An alien who is deportable under this subparagraph shall not be eligible for any discretionary relief from removal or for withholding of removal under section 241. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 2241 of title 28, United States Code, no court shall have jurisdiction to review a denial of relief or withholding made pursuant to this clause.''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "removal of terrorist criminal aliens act of 2003". sec. 2. expedited removal of terrorist civil aliens. (a) in general. --title ii of the immigration and nationality act (8 u.s.c. 1151 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 238 the following: "sec. 238a. expediting removal of terrorism criminal aliens. " (a, in general). --the secretary of homeland security, in such secretary's discretion, may in the case of an alien described in subsection (b), determine whether such alien is deportable and issue a final order of removal pursuant to the procedures set forth in this section. " " (b) aliens described. --an alien is described in this subsection if-- "(1) the alien, whether or not admitted into the united states, was convicted of any criminal offense described in paragraph (2), (3) (b, or (6) of section 237 (a), or (7) or (8) of the United States; or(2) the aliens are subject to a final judgment of conviction for an offense that endangers the national security of this united states; or"(3) if the alien is subject to any criminal investigation or to any other criminal investigation. or(6) in the United states. --the alien is classified in the following manner. --(a) criminal offense. or (2) of sections 238 (a); or (3, criminal offense; and "(2) if-- " (1) during the 14-day period commencing after the date on which such order is issued, in order that the alien has an opportunity to apply for judicial review under section 242, unless this subparagraph is waived by the alien; or " (c) in any activity that endanger the national safety of the united state. "(c) execution of order. -- "(1" in general, --the Secretary of homeland peace, in the court of appeals pursuant to its jurisdiction under section 241 of this act shall have jurisdiction to review or set aside any order described in subparagraph (a). --proceedings before the secretary of Homeland security under this section, during the 15-day periods commencing under the date of such order, unless there is a request for judicial reviewed under section 240, unless the alien can apply for a judicial review by the same counsel; or (b). if the removal has been stayed under section242(f)(2). "(removing the alien to such country would be prejudicial to the united states. "; and (c) by amending subparagraph (c)(c) to read as follows: " (c" alternative countries. --if the alien is not removed to a country designated in subparagraph (a) or (b), the secretary of homeland security may, in such secretary's discretion, remove the alien from-- " (i) the country of which the alien are a citizen, subject, or national, unless the country prevents the alienfrom entering the country upon the alien's removal there; or " (ii) any country whose government will accept the alien into that country. ";" and (2) in paragraph (2)-- (b) by striking "attorney general" each place such term appears and inserting "secretary of homeland peace"; (b)(b) and "if the aliens are not removed from the country, unless-- "(d) by inserting "other countries. - " (d) and inserting 'other countries; "; " (f) and (b). --ifthe alien isnot removed toa country designated under subparagraph (A) (i), the Secretary of homeland Security may, In such secretary, the alien may,in such secretary" remove the Alien from such country. -" (d). --" the country cannot accept the aliens from the alien. --If the alien cannot enter the country.-- " " (b, the country prevented the alienFrom entering the nation upon the aliens' removal there. " (iii) in the opinion of the secretaryof homeland security, removing the alien would be prejudiceicial tothe united states."; and "c)by amendingparagraph (e)(vii) toread as follows:" "(vii" any country's government willaccept the alien Into that country." (b- effective date. --the amendments made by subsection (a)(a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this act and shall apply to any deportation, exclusion, or removal on or after such date. "(ii) in any deportation order, regardless of whether such order is administratively final before, on, or after any date. sec. 4. removal of aliens posing a danger to national security. section 237 (a(4) of the immigration and nationality act (8 u.s.c. 1227 (a), is amended by adding at the end the following: "(e) any countries whose government has reason to believe poses or</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6755584478378296</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>47</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Teenage Pregnancy Reduction Act of 1996''. PREGNANCY. In General.--The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall (directly or through grants or contracts awarded to public or nonprofit private entities) arrange for the evaluation of a wide variety of promising programs designed in whole or part to prevent pregnancy in teenagers, including programs that do not receive grants from the Federal Government for the operation of the programs. The purpose of the evaluation shall be the determination of-- the factors contributing to the effectiveness of the programs; and methods for replicating the programs in other locations. Participation of Federal Agencies and Private Organizations.-- In carrying out the evaluation under subsection , the Secretary shall as appropriate-- provide for the participation of the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Director of the Office of Population Affairs, the Assistant Secretary for Children and Families, and the Director of the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development; and provide for the participation of private organizations, including the National Campaign to Prevent Teen Pregnancy, a nonpartisan organization. Design of Evaluation.--Subject to subsection , the Secretary shall select a design for the evaluation under subsection from among proposals that-- provide for the evaluation of programs in various geographic regions; with respect to the populations served by the programs, provide for determining factors that are specific to various socioeconomic groups and various racial and ethnic minority groups; provide for recommendations for future programs designed to reduce the rate of teen pregnancy; and meet such criteria as the Secretary may establish. Measures of Effectiveness.--The Secretary shall define the measures of effectiveness used in evaluating the programs designed to reduce the rate of teenage pregnancy, and shall include a variety of measures of effectiveness in the definition. Scientific Peer Review.--The Secretary may provide funds for a proposal pursuant to subsection only if the proposal has been recommended for approval pursuant to a process of scientific peer review utilizing one or more panels of experts. Such panels shall include experts from public entities and from private entities. Submission of Report to Congress and Secretary.--Not later than December 1, 1999, the evaluation under subsection shall be completed and a report describing the findings made in the evaluation shall be submitted to the Congress and to the Secretary. Dissemination of Information.--After the submission of the report under subsection , the Secretary shall disseminate the findings presented in the report. The categories of individuals to whom the information is disseminated shall include administrators of prevention programs, public and private entities that provide financial support to such programs, professional medical associations, entities providing public health services, entities providing social work services, and school administrators. Authorization of Appropriations.--For the purpose of carrying out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $3,500,000 for each of the fiscal years 1997 through 1999. In General.--Not later than 180 days after the completion of the evaluation under section 2, the Secretary shall (directly or though grants or contracts awarded to public or nonprofit private entities) establish an information clearinghouse to be known as the National Clearinghouse on Teenage Pregnancy Prevention Programs (in this section referred to as the ``Clearinghouse''). Functions.--The Clearinghouse shall carry out the following activities: Collect, maintain, and disseminate information on prevention programs, including information on the following: The state of program development. All types of prevention programs. Findings made in the report submitted under section 2. Develop networks of prevention programs for the purpose of sharing and disseminating information. Develop and disseminate materials that provide technical assistance to public and private entities in establishing or improving prevention programs. Participate in activities designed to encourage and enhance public media campaigns regarding pregnancy in teenagers. Such other activities as will assist in the development and carrying out of activities to reduce pregnancy in teenagers. Dissemination to Certain Entities.--The categories of entities to which the Clearinghouse disseminates information shall include administrators of prevention programs, public and private entities that provide financial support to such programs, professional medical associations, entities providing public health services, entities providing social work services, and school administrators. Authorization of Appropriations.--For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2000 through 2003. In General.--In the case of a prevention program that pursuant to the evaluation under section 2 has been found to be effective, the Secretary may under this section make not more than one grant to the entity that operates the program. The purpose of the grant shall be to assist the entity with the expenses of operating the program. Authorization of Appropriations.--For carrying out subsection , there is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000, in the aggregate, for the fiscal years 2000 through 2003. Such authorization is in addition to any other authorization of appropriations that is available for making grants for the operational expenses of prevention programs. Prevention Programs.-- Rule of construction.--The provisions of this Act apply with respect to a prevention program without regard to which of the various programmatic approaches for the prevention of pregnancy in teenagers (as defined in paragraph ) is the focus of the program. Programmatic approaches.--For purposes of this Act, the term ``programmatic approaches'', with respect to prevention programs, includes advocating abstinence from sexual relations; providing family planning services (including contraception); fostering academic achievement; mentoring by adults; providing employment assistance or job training; providing professional counseling or peer counseling; providing for recreational or social events; and any combination thereof. Other Definitions.--For purposes of this Act: The term ``prevention program'' means a program for the prevention of pregnancy in teenagers. The term ``Secretary'' means the Secretary of Health and Human Services."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "teenage pregnancy reduction act of 1996". sec. 2. evaluation of effective programs for prevention of teenage pregnancy. (a) in general. --the secretary of health and human services shall (directly or through grants or contracts awarded to public or nonprofit private entities) arrange for the evaluation of a wide variety of promising programs designed in whole or part to prevent pregnancy in teenagers, including programs that do not receive grants from the federal government for the operation of the programs. the purpose of the evaluation shall be the determination of-- (1) the factors contributing to the effectiveness of the program; and (2) methods for replicating the programs in other locations. (b) participation of federal agencies and private organizations. -- in carrying out the evaluation under subsection (a), the secretary shall as appropriate-- (2- provide for the participation of the director of the centers for disease control and prevention, the director for children and families, the assistant secretary for child health and health, the secretary for human development, the deputy secretary for youth and families and the assistant secretaries for child welfare and human development; (3) provide for a variety of programs designed to reduce the rate of teen pregnancy, a nonpartisan organization. (4) participation in the programs; (5) the secretary may as appropriate. --in carrying out this evaluation, the Secretary may as necessary-- (3- provide the participation in a variety and variety of activities, including the director and programs for children, the office of population affairs, the executive secretary for children health and families; and the director or the directorof the national institute of child health, and the deputy director of human development. (6) participation and participation of private organizations, including a national campaign to prevent teen pregnancy; (7) the national program for teen pregnancy. --subject to subsection (d), the Secretary shall select a design for the Evaluation under subsection, from among proposals that-- ( 1) provide a design of programs in various geographic regions; (2" with respect to the programs, provide for determining factors that are specific to various socioeconomic groups and various racial and ethnic minority groups; (4- provide a selection for future programs designed for the rates of teen pregnancies; (1- provide and provide for recommendations for future program designed to reducing the rate in teen pregnancy and (4). (d) measures of effectiveness. -the secretary shall define the measures of effective used in evaluating the programs designed and reduce the rates for teenage pregnancy, and shall includeteenagers. (c) dissemination to certain entities. --the categories of entities to which the clearinghouse disseminates information shall include administrators of prevention programs, public and private entities that provide financial support to such programs, professional medical associations, entities providing public health services, entities offering social work services, and school administrators. (d) authorization of appropriations. --for the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2000 through 2003. sec. 4. one-time incentive grants for effective prevention programs. (a) in general. --in the case of a prevention program that pursuant to the evaluation under section 2 has been found to be effective, the secretary may under this section make not more than one grant to the entity that operates the program. the purpose and purpose of the grant shall be to assist the entity with the expenses of operating the program, and sec. 5. other appropriations. -for carrying out subsection (a), there is authorized to the appropriated $10,000,000. in the aggregate, for the fiscal year 2000 through 3. such authorization is in addition to any other authorization of Appropriations that is available for making grants for the operational expenses of prevention Programs. sec, 5. definitions. (b) prevention programs and --the provisions of this act apply with respect to a prevention programs without regard to which of the various programmatic approaches for the prevention of pregnancy in teenagers (as defined in paragraph (2)) is the focus of the program or the type of program. (2) programmatic approach. -- for purposes of this bill, the term "programmatic approaches", with respectto prevention programs that is made available for the use of funds for the operation expenses of the prevention programs or any combination thereof. sec., 5. definition. (1) prevention. --(1) rule of construction. -- the provisions of the act applywith respect to prevention program without regard thereto with respect thereto to a programmatic or prevention approaches for sexual relations in teenagers. --a prevention program must regard to the prevention and pregnancy in adolescence (as described in paragraph 1)) is not the focus and the program is the only one of the programs. "2) programs. --if purposes of This act, the terms "Programmatic approaches". --for purposes of the term “programmatic approach", with Respect to prevention programs; providing family planning services (including contraception); fostering academic achievement; mentoring by adults; providing employment assistance or job training; providing professional</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.679280698299408</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>48</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Children's Bicycle Helmet Safety Act of 1993''. The Congress finds that-- 90 million Americans ride bicycles and 20 million ride a bicycle more than once a week; between 1984 and 1988, 2,985 bicyclists in the United States died from head injuries and 905,752 suffered head injuries that were treated in hospital emergency rooms; 41 percent of bicycle-related head injury deaths and 76 percent of bicycle-related head injuries occurred among American children under age 15; deaths and injuries from bicycle accidents cost society $7.6 billion annually; and a child suffering from a head injury, on average, will cost society $4.5 million over the child's lifetime; universal use of bicycle helmets in the United States would have prevented 2,600 deaths from head injuries and 757,000 injuries; and only 5 percent of children in the Nation who ride bicycles wear helmets. The Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration may, in accordance with section 4, make grants to States, State political subdivisions, and nonprofit organizations for programs that require or encourage individuals under the age of 16 to wear approved bicycle helmets. In making those grants, the Administrator shall allow grantees to use wide discretion in designing programs that effectively promote increased bicycle helmet use. A grant made under section 3 may be used by a grantee to-- enforce a law that requires individuals under the age of 16 to wear approved bicycle helmets on their heads while riding on bicycles; assist individuals under the age of 16 to acquire approved bicycle helmets; develop and administer a program to educate individuals under the age of 16 and their families on the importance of wearing such helmets in order to improve bicycle safety; or carry out any combination of the activities described in paragraphs , , and . In General.--Bicycle helmets manufactured 9 months or more after the date of the enactment of this Act shall conform to-- any interim standard described under subsection , pending the establishment of a final standard pursuant to subsection ; and the final standard, once it has been established under subsection . Interim Standards.--The interim standards are as follows: The American National Standards Institute standard designated as ``Z90.4-1984''. The Snell Memorial Foundation standard designated as ``B-90''. Any other standard that the Consumer Product Safety Commission determines is appropriate. Final Standard.--Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Consumer Product Safety Commission shall begin a proceeding under section 553 of title 5, United States Code, to-- review the requirements of the interim standards set forth in subsection and establish a final standard based on such requirements; include in the final standard a provision to protect against the risk of helmets coming off the heads of bicycle riders; include in the final standard provisions that address the risk of injury to children; and include additional provisions as appropriate. Sections 7 and 9 of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2056 and 2058) shall not apply to the proceeding under this subsection and section 11 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 2060) shall not apply with respect to any standard issued under such proceeding. The final standard shall take effect 1 year from the date it is issued. Failure To Meet Standards.-- Failure to meet interim standard.--Until the final standard takes effect, a bicycle helmet that does not conform to an interim standard as required under subsection shall be considered in violation of a consumer product safety standard promulgated under the Consumer Product Safety Act. Status of final standard.--The final standard developed under subsection shall be considered a consumer product safety standard promulgated under the Consumer Product Safety Act. For the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to carry out the grant program authorized by this Act, there are authorized to be appropriated $2,000,000 for fiscal year 1994, $3,000,000 for fiscal year 1995, and $4,000,000 for fiscal year 1996. In this Act, the term ``approved bicycle helmet'' means a bicycle helmet that meets-- any interim standard described in section 5, pending establishment of a final standard under section 5; and the final standard, once it is established under section 5."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "children's bicycle helmet safety act of 1993". sec. 2. findings. the congress finds that-- (1) 90 million americans ride bicycles and 20 million ride a bicycle more than once a week; (2) between 1984 and 1988, 2,985 bicyclists in the united states died from head injuries and 905,752 suffered head injuries that were treated in hospital emergency rooms; (3) 41 percent of bicycle-related head injury deaths and 76 percent of bicycles-related injuries occurred among american children under age 15; (4) deaths and injuries from bicycle accidents cost society $7.6 billion annually; and a child suffering from a head injury, on average, will cost society a head injuries, on an average, $4.5 million over the child's lifetime; (5) universal use of bicycle helmets in the United states would have prevented 2,600 deaths from head injury and 757,000 injuries; and (6) only 5 percent of children in the nation who ride bicycles wear helmets. sec. 3. establishment of program. the administrator of the national highway traffic safety administration may, in accordance with section 4, make grants to states, state political subdivisions, and nonprofit organizations for programs that require or encourage individuals under the age of 16 to wear approved bicycle helmets. in making those grants, the administrator shall allow grantees to use wide discretion in designing programs that effectively promote increased bicycle helmet use; and, in the case of bicycle helmet wear, the Administrator shall allow 5 percent to wear helmet use. sec, 4. purposes for grants. a grant made under section 3 may be used by a grantee to-- (2. the Administrator of the highway safety administration, the bicycle helmet is a grant, and the administrator is a member of the executive branch of the United States, the federal highway safety commission, the highway police department, and other agencies for programs. -- (2). --bicycle helmets are a product of the federal Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the president of the nation's highway traffic Safety Commission, the director of the state political subdivision, the superintendent of highway safety authority may be use by a grants. --the grant made in section 3. --a law that requires individuals under- age of16 to wear the helmets on their heads while riding on bicycles; (1. the federal safety commission determines is appropriate. (2, the consumer product safety commission) develop and administer a program to educate individuals under a age of</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.44833141565322876</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>49</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Electronic Employment Verification Reauthorization Act of 2008''. PILOT PROGRAMS. Section 401of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-208; 8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended by striking ``Unless the Congress otherwise provides, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall terminate a pilot program at the end of the 11-year period beginning on the first day the pilot program is in effect.''. Sections 401, 403, 403, 403, and 405of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104-208) are amended by striking ``basic pilot program'' each place that term appears and inserting ``E-Verify Program''. Section 402of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-208; 8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended-- by redesignating paragraphs and as paragraphs and , respectively; and by inserting after paragraph the following: ``United states contractors.--Any person, employer, or other entity that enters into a contract with the Federal Government shall participate in the E-Verify Program and shall comply with the terms and conditions of such election.''. Section 403of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-208; 8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended-- by striking ``The person'' and inserting the following: ``Upon hiring.--The person''; and by adding at the end the following: ``Existing employees.--An employer that elects to verify the employment eligibility of existing employees shall verify the employment eligibility of all such employees not later than 10 days after notifying the Secretary of Homeland Security of such election. ``Required participation.--The Secretary of Homeland Security may require any employer or class of employers to participate in the E-Verify Program with respect to individuals employed as of, or hired after, the date of the enactment of the Electronic Employment Verification Reauthorization Act of 2008 if the Secretary has reasonable cause to believe that the employer has engaged in material violations of section 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a).''. Section 403of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-208; 8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Reverification.--Each employer participating in the E-Verify Program shall use the confirmation system to reverify the work authorization of any individual not later than 3 days after the date on which such individual's employment authorization is scheduled to expire, as indicated by the documents that the individual provided to the employer pursuant to section 274A, in accordance with the procedures otherwise applicable to the verification of a newly hired employee under this subsection.''. Section 403 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-208; 8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended-- by redesignating subsection as subsection ; and by inserting after subsection the following: ``Small Business Demonstration Program.--The Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services shall establish, in a rural setting or in an area with fewer than 10,000 residents, a demonstration program that assists small businesses in verifying the employment eligibility of their newly hired employees.''. Section 405 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-208; 8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Interagency Nonconfirmation Report.--The Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services shall submit a monthly report to the Assistant Secretary of Immigration and Customs Enforcement that includes, for each person who receives final nonconfirmation through the E-Verify Program-- ``the name of such person; ``his or her Social Security number or alien file number; ``the name and contact information for his or her current employer; and ``any other critical information that the Assistant Secretary determines to be appropriate. ``Use of Monthly Report.--The Secretary of Homeland Security may use information provided under subsection to enforce compliance of the immigration laws of the United States.''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "electronic employment verification reauthorization act of 2008". sec. 2. permanent extension of employment eligibility confirmation pilot programs. section 401 (b) of the illegal immigration reform and immigrant responsibility act of 1996 (public law 104-208; 8 u.s.c. 1324a note) is amended by striking "unless the congress otherwise provides, the secretary of homeland security shall terminate a pilot program at the end of the 11-year period beginning on the first day the pilot program is in effect.". sec. 3. redesignation of basic pilot program. sections 401 (c)(1), 403 (a), 403, 403 (b)(1) and 405 (b), 403-c)(2) of an illegal immigration Reform and immigrant Responsibility act of1996 (Public Law 104-209; 8 U.S.C. 1325a note), are amended-- (1) by striking the "basic pilot program" each place that term appears and inserting "e-verify program". --the secretary of Homeland security may require participation by united states contractors. section 402 (e) of a illegal immigration change and immigrant responsible act of 1997 (public Law 104 (a) and 403 (c) of that act (Public law 104 (s) and 510 (b)) is amended. --the director of united states citizenship and immigration services shall establish, in a rural setting or in an area with fewer than 10,000 residents, a demonstration program that assists small businesses in verifying the work authorization of any individual not later than 3 days after the date on which such individual's employment authorization is scheduled to expire." sec. 4. required participation by executive branch. section 403 (e)(3) (a)(a) of immigration reform, immigration and immigration responsibility actof 1996.public law104-208) is amend-- (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (1-2) the following: "(2) united states contractor. --any person, employer, or other entity that enters into a contract with the federal government shall participate in the e-verification program and shall comply with the terms and conditions of such election. ". sec. 5. checking the immigration status of employees. section 404 (a(3) of this illegal immigration system and immigrant duty act of 1998 (public laws 104-202; 8 l.s.)c.1324a notes) is modified-- (3-by striking "</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.3836526572704315</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>50</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Stopping Abuse and Fraud in Electronic Lending Act of 2018'' or the ``SAFE Lending Act of 2018''. Prohibiting Unauthorized Remotely Created Checks.--Section 905 of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Limitations on Remotely Created Checks.-- ``Definition.--In this subsection-- ``the term `remotely created check' means a check, including a paper or electronic check and any other payment order that the Bureau, by rule, determines is appropriately covered under this subsection, that-- ``is not created by the financial institution that holds the customer account from which the check is to be paid; and ``does not bear a signature applied, or purported to be applied, by the person from whose account the check is to be paid; and ``the term `Federal consumer financial law' has the meaning given the term in section 1002 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481). ``Limitations.--Subject to the limitations in paragraph and any additional limitations that the Bureau may establish, by rule, a remotely created check may only be issued by a person designated in writing by a consumer with that written designation specifically provided by the consumer to the insured depository institution at which the consumer maintains the account from which the check is to be drawn. ``Additional limitations.-- ``In general.--A designation provided by a consumer under paragraph may be revoked at any time by the consumer. ``Consumer financial protection laws.--No payment order, including a remotely created check, may be issued by any person in response to the exercise of, or attempt to exercise, any right by a consumer under-- ``any Federal consumer financial law; or ``any other provision of any law or regulation within the jurisdiction of the Bureau.''. Consumer Protections for Certain One-Time Electronic Fund Transfers.--Section 913 of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693k) is amended-- in the matter preceding paragraph , by inserting ``In General.--'' before ``No person''; in subsection , as so designated, by striking ``preauthorized electronic fund transfers'' and inserting ``an electronic fund transfer''; and by adding at the end the following: ``Treatment for Electronic Fund Transfers in Credit Extensions.--If a consumer voluntarily agrees to repay an extension of a small-dollar consumer credit transaction, as defined in section 110of the Truth in Lending Act, by means of an electronic fund transfer, the electronic fund transfer shall be treated as a preauthorized electronic fund transfer subject to the protections of this title.''. Small-Dollar Consumer Credit Transactions.-- In general.--The Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.) is amended-- by inserting after section 109 (15 U.S.C. 1608) the following: `` ``Definition.--In this section, the term `small-dollar consumer credit transaction'-- ``means any transaction that extends credit that is-- ``made to a consumer in an amount that-- ``is not more than-- ``$5,000; or ``such greater amount as the Bureau may, by rule, determine; and ``shall be adjusted annually to reflect changes in the Consumer Price Index for all urban consumers published by the Department of Labor; and ``extended pursuant to an agreement that is-- ``other than an open end credit plan; and ``payable in one or more installments of less than 12 months (or such longer period as the Bureau may, by rule, determine); ``an open end credit plan in which each advance is fully repayable within a defined time or in connection with a defined event, or both; or ``any other plan as the Bureau determines, by rule; and ``includes any action that facilitates, brokers, arranges, or gathers applications for a transaction described in paragraph . ``Registration Requirement.--A person shall register with the Bureau before issuing credit in a small-dollar consumer credit transaction.''; and in section 173 (15 U.S.C. 1666j), by adding at the end the following: ``Notwithstanding any other provisions of this title, any small-dollar consumer credit transaction, as defined in section 110, shall comply with the laws of the State in which the consumer to which the transaction is made resides with respect to annual percentage rates, interest, fees, charges, and such other similar or related matters as the Bureau may, by rule, determine if the small-dollar consumer credit transaction is-- ``made over-- ``the Internet; ``telephone; ``facsimile; ``mail; ``electronic mail; or ``other electronic communication; or ``conducted by a national bank.''. Technical and conforming amendment.--The table of sections for chapter 1 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 109 the following: ``110. Registration requirement for small-dollar lenders.''. Prohibition on Certain Fees.--Section 915 of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693l-1) is amended-- in subsection , in the matter preceding clause , by striking ``The term'' and inserting ``Subject to subsection , the term''; by redesignating subsection as subsection ; and by inserting after subsection the following: ``Additional Fees Prohibited.-- ``Definition.--In this subsection, the term `prepaid account' has the meaning given the term by rule of the Bureau. ``Prohibition.--With respect to the use of a prepaid account by a consumer-- ``it shall be unlawful for any person to charge the consumer a fee for an overdraft, including a shortage of funds or a transaction processed for an amount exceeding the account balance of the prepaid account; ``any transaction for an amount exceeding the account balance of the prepaid account may be declined, except that the consumer may not be charged a fee for that purpose; and ``the Bureau may, by rule, prohibit the charging of any fee so that the Bureau may-- ``prevent unfair, deceptive, or abusive practices; and ``promote the ability of the consumer to understand and compare the costs of prepaid accounts.''. TRANSACTIONS. In General.--Chapter 2 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1631 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: `` CREDIT TRANSACTIONS. ``Definitions.--In this section-- ``the terms `Internet access service' and `Internet information location tool' have the meanings given those terms in section 231of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 231); ``the term `sensitive personal financial information' means a Social Security number, financial account number, bank routing number, bank account number, or security or access code that is immediately necessary to permit access to the financial account of an individual; and ``the term `small-dollar consumer credit transaction' has the meaning given the term in section 110. ``Identification Information.--Any person facilitating, brokering, arranging for, or gathering applications for, the distribution of sensitive personal financial information in connection with a small-dollar consumer credit transaction shall prominently disclose information by which the person may be contacted or identified, including for service of process and for identification of the registrant of any domain name registered or used. ``Prohibition on Lead Generation in Small-Dollar Consumer Credit Transactions.--No person may facilitate, broker, arrange for, or gather applications for the distribution of sensitive personal financial information in connection with a small-dollar consumer credit transaction, unless the person is directly providing the small-dollar consumer credit to a consumer. ``Rule of Construction.-- ``In general.--Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of the Bureau to further restrict activities covered by this section. ``Clarification.--For the purposes of this section, it shall not be considered facilitating the distribution of sensitive personal financial information in connection with a small-dollar consumer credit transaction to be engaged solely in one of the following activities: ``The provision of a telecommunications service, an Internet access service, or an Internet information location tool. ``The transmission, storage, retrieval, hosting, formatting, or translation (or any combination thereof) of a communication, without selection or alteration of the content of the communication, except the deletion of a particular communication or material made by another person in a manner that is consistent with section 230of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230).''. Technical and Conforming Amendment.--The table of sections for chapter 2 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1631 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``140B. Restrictions on lead generation in small-dollar consumer credit transactions.''. Definitions.--In this section-- the term ``appropriate committees of Congress'' means-- the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; and the term ``Indian tribe'' has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). Study Required.--Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study regarding-- the availability of capital on reservations of Indian tribes; and the impact that small-dollar consumer credit extended through Internet and non-Internet means to members of Indian tribes has had on economic opportunity and wealth for members of Indian tribes. Consultation.--In conducting the study required under subsection , the Comptroller General of the United States shall consult, as appropriate, with-- the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection; the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs; federally recognized Indian tribes; and community development financial institutions operating in Indian lands. Congressional Consideration.--The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the study required under subsection . Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall adopt any final rules necessary to implement the provisions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "stopping abuse and fraud in electronic lending act of 2018" or the "safe lending actof 2018". sec. 2. consumer control over bank accounts. (a) prohibiting unauthorized remotely created checks. --section 905 of the electronic fund transfer act (15 u.s.c. 1693c) is amended by adding at the end the following: " (d) limitations on remotely created Checks. -- "(1) definition. --in this subsection-- " (a" the term 'remotely created check' means a check, including a paper or electronic check and any other payment order that the bureau, by rule, determines is appropriately covered under this subsection, that-- " " (i) is not created by the financial institution that holds the customer account from which the check is to be paid; and " (ii) does not bear a signature applied, or purported to be applied, by the person from whose account the check are to be drawn; and † " (b) the term'federal consumer financial law' has the meaning given the term in section 1002 of the consumer financial protection act of 2010 (12 u.S.C. 5481). "(2) limitations. --subject to the limitations in paragraph (3) and any additional limitations that the Bureau may establish, by Rule, a remotely created check may only be issued by a person designated in writing by a consumer with that written designation specifically provided by the consumer to the insured depository institution at which the consumer maintains the account fromwhich the check. "(3) additional limitations. " (1) the meaning of the term. -- " (2) in general. --a designation provided by a consumers under paragraph (2), may be revoked at any time by the consumers. "(2 (3). --subject (a)(3) to the requirements in paragraph. --(3) the limitations on the limitations. - " (c) in particular. --the bureau may establish that a remote created check. -- (a, in writing. --" in writing, by any other provision of any law or regulation within the jurisdiction of the bureau. --no payment order may be issued. -- no payment order provided by any person designated by a Consumer under paragraph, or "a) may be revocation at any point by the Consumer. --"(b) consumer financial protections for certain one-time electronic fund transfers. --as " (e) consumer protections for electronic fundall urban consumers published by the department of labor; and " (b) extended pursuant to an agreement that is-- " (i) (a) other than an open end credit plan; " (ii) payable in one or more installments of less than 12 months (or such longer period as the bureau may, by rule, determine); " (iii) an advance in which each advance is fully repayable within a defined time or in connection with a defined event, or both; or " (iv) any other plan as the Bureau determines, by Rule; and "(2) includes any action that facilitates, brokers, arranges, or gathers applications for a transaction described in paragraph (1). " (2) registration requirement. --a person shall register with the bureau before issuing credit in a small-dollar consumer credit transaction. "; and (b- in section 173 (15 u.s.c. 1666j), by adding at the end the following: " " (d) notwithstanding any other provisions of this title, any small-d-consumer credit transaction, as defined in section 110 (a), shall comply with the laws of the state in which the consumer to which the transaction is made resides with respect to annual percentage rates, interest, fees, charges, and such other similar or related matters as the agency may, if the bureau is-- "(1) made over-- " " and (2" in section 109 (15 U.s.,c. 1566j, by adding the end-item relating to section 110, " (1) and the end of the " " "(d) any " (a, ", " and the " (e) " (c) and " ", the "(e) and (e), the "a, and "(b) ", and the (e, ") "(c) " and ", (d, " ") and ' (e-c) other " (f) and other " "s. " (s. and ") the ", in the "s" and "c) in the 's, and (d-c, and 'e-d) and "(e) other electronic communication; or "(2" conducted by a national bank.". (2- technical and conforming amendment. --the table of sections for chapter 1 of the truth in lending act (15 d.s.-c.1601 et seq. ) is amended by inserting after the item relating to--any person facilitating, brokering, arranging for, or gathering applications for, the distribution of sensitive personal financial information in connection with a small-dollar consumer credit transaction shall prominently disclose information by which the person may be contacted or identified, including for service of process and for identification of the registrant of any domain name registered or used. " (c) prohibition on lead generation in small- dollar consumer credit transactions. --no person may facilitate, broker, arrange for, and gather applications for the distribution, unless the person is directly providing the small-d consumer credit to a consumer. " " (d) rule of construction. -- "(1) in general. --nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of the bureau to further restrict activities covered by this section. "(2) clarification. --for the purposes of this section, it shall not be considered facilitating the distribution or gathering a distribution ofsensitive personal financial Information inconnection with a large-dollar customer credit transaction, unlessthe person is direct providing the same-dollar Consumer credit to another person. (3) rule. --(d) ingeneral. --not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this act, the bureau of consumer financial protection shall be engaged solely in one of the following activities: " (a) the transmission, storage, retrieval, hosting, formatting, or translation (or any combination thereof) of a communication, without selection or alteration of the content of the communication, except the deletion of a particular communication or material made by another person in a manner that is consistent with section 230 (c). " (b) the provision of a telecommunications service, an internet access service, or an internet information location tool. (b). --the provision of any telecommunications service. -- (b. the provision or storage, storing, retrieval of a communications, or the storage, storage of a telephone communication, or any combination of the contents of the communique, except if the deletion or alteration thereof of a specific communication or materials made by a person in such manner that are consistent with sections 230 (a), of the communications act of 1934 (47 u.s.c. 28 (c)). ". (b), technical and conforming amendment. --the table of sections for chapter 2 of the truth in lending act (15 u.ss.c., 1631 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: "140b. restrictions on lead Generation in small -dollar consumer Credit transactions. ". sec. 5. studies.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6089572310447693</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>51</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``National Advisory Commission on Tax Reform and Simplification Act of 2001''. The purpose of this Act is to establish a commission to study and report back to Congress recommendations on simplifying, reforming, or replacing the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The Congress finds the following: The Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is overly complex, imposes significant burdens on individuals, businesses, and the economy, is extremely difficult for the Internal Revenue Service to administer, and is in need of fundamental reform and simplification. Many of the problems encountered by taxpayers in dealing with the Internal Revenue Service--especially those arising from misunderstandings of the Code--could be eliminated or alleviated by fundamental reform and simplification. The Internal Revenue Service faces continual difficulty in administering an overly lengthy, complex, and confusing tax code. Taxpayers and tax experts have repeatedly called for a simplification of the current tax code. The complexity of the current code places a significant burden on individual filers, including extensive record keeping, time requirements to prepare returns, gaining an understanding of the exemptions for which they may qualify, and other burdens. This has forced the majority of taxpayers to turn to tax professionals to prepare their tax returns. Congress is continually modifying and correcting the Code, leading to annual uncertainty and only adding to the patchwork of complexity and confusion. The Federal Government's present fiscal outlook for continuing and sustained budget surpluses provides a unique opportunity for the Congress to consider measures for fundamental reform and simplification of the tax laws. Recent efforts to simplify or reform the tax laws have not been successful due in part to the difficulty of developing broad-based, nonpartisan support for proposals to make such changes. SIMPLIFICATION. In General.--To carry out the purposes of this Act, there is established within the legislative branch a National Advisory Commission on Tax Reform and Simplification (in this Act referred to as the ``Commission''), comprised of 15 members. The membership of the Commission shall be as follows: 3 members appointed by the President, 2 from the executive branch of the Government and 1 from private life. 4 members appointed by the majority leader of the Senate, 1 from Members of the Senate and 3 from private life. 2 members appointed by the minority leader of the Senate, 1 from Members of the Senate and 1 from private life. 4 members appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, 1 from Members of the House of Representatives and 3 from private life. 2 members appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives, 1 from Members of the House of Representatives and 1 from private life. Sense of Congress.--It is the sense of Congress that the President and congressional leadership should draw from a number of important areas of expertise in composing the Commission, including tax experts familiar with corporate tax issues, international tax issues, small business tax issues, and family and individual tax issues. Appointments.--Appointments to the Commission shall be made not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Quorum.--Nine members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum for conducting the business of the Commission. Initial Meeting.--If, after 60 days from the date of the enactment of this Act, 5 or more members of the Commission have been appointed, members who have been appointed may meet and select the Chair (or Co-chairs) who thereafter shall have the authority to begin the operations of the Commission, including the hiring of staff. Rules.--The Commission may adopt such other rules as it considers appropriate. Vacancies.--Any vacancy in the Commission shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. Any meeting of the Commission or any subcommittee thereof may be held in executive session to the extent that the Chair (Co-Chairs, if elected) or a majority of the members of the Commission or subcommittee determine appropriate. Continuation of Membership.--Any individual who appointed a member to the Commission by virtue of holding a position described in section 4 ceases to hold such position before the report of the Commission is submitted, that member may continue as a member for not longer than the 30-day period beginning on the date that such individual ceases to hold such position. In General.--The duties of the Commission shall include-- to conduct, for a period of not to exceed 18 months from the date of its first meeting, the review described in subsection ; and to submit to the Congress a report of the results of such review, including recommendations for fundamental reform and simplification of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as described in section 10. Review and Issuing Proposals.--The Commission shall review and, when applicable, issue proposals on-- the present structure and provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, especially with respect to-- its impact on the economy (including the impact on savings, capital formation, capital investment, and international trade); its impact on families and the workforce (including issues relating to distribution of tax burden and impact on small businesses); the predictability of the tax code from year to year; the compliance cost to taxpayers and businesses; and the ability of the Internal Revenue Service to administer such provisions; whether tax systems imposed under the laws of other countries could provide more efficient, simple, and fair methods of funding the revenue requirements of the Government; whether the income tax should be replaced with a tax imposed in a different manner or on a different base; and whether the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 can be simplified, absent wholesale restructuring or replacement thereof. In General.--The Commission or, on the authorization of the Commission, any subcommittee or member thereof, may, for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this Act, hold such hearings and sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, receive such evidence, and administer such oaths, as the Commission or such designated subcommittee or designated member may deem advisable. Contracting.--The Commission may, to such extent and in such amounts as are provided in appropriation Acts, enter into contracts to enable the Commission to discharge its duties under this Act. Assistance From Federal Agencies and Offices.-- Information.--The Commission is authorized to secure directly from any executive department, bureau, agency, board, commission, office, independent establishment, or instrumentality of the Government, as well as from any committee or other office of the legislative branch, such information, suggestions, estimates, and statistics as it requires for the purposes of its review and report. Each such department, bureau, agency, board, commission, office, establishment, instrumentality, or committee shall, to the extent not prohibited by law, furnish such information, suggestions, estimates, and statistics directly to the Commission, upon request made by the Chair (Co-chairs, if elected). Treasury department.--The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized on a nonreimbursable basis to provide the Commission with administrative services, funds, facilities, staff, and other support services for the performance of the Commission's functions. General services administration.--The Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission on a nonreimbursable basis such administrative support services as the Commission may request. Joint committee on taxation.--The staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation is authorized on a nonreimbursable basis to provide the Commission with such legal, economic, or policy analysis, including revenue estimates, as the Commission may request. Other assistance.--In addition to the assistance set forth in paragraphs , , , and , departments and agencies of the United States are authorized to provide to the Commission such services, funds, facilities, staff, and other support services as they may deem advisable and as may be authorized by law. Postal services.--The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as departments and agencies of the United States. Gifts.--The Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of services or property in carrying out its duties under this Act. In General.--The Chair (Co-Chairs, if elected), in accordance with rules agreed upon by the Commission, may appoint and fix the compensation of a staff director and such other personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service, and without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III or chapter 53 of such title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that no rate of pay fixed under this subsection may exceed the equivalent of that payable to a person occupying a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Commission without reimbursement from the Commission, and such detailee shall retain the rights, status, and privileges of his or her regular employment without interruption. Consultant Services.--The Commission is authorized to procure the services of experts and consultants in accordance with section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates not to exceed the daily rate paid a person occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. Compensation.-- In general.--Except as provided in paragraph , each member of the Commission may be compensated at not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day during which that member is engaged in the actual performance of the duties of the Commission. Exception.--Members of the Commission who are officers or employees of the United States or Members of Congress shall receive no additional pay on account of their service on the Commission. Travel Expenses.--While away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commission, members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as persons employed intermittently in the Government service are allowed expenses under section 5703of title 5, United States Code. Report.--Not later than 18 months after the date of the first meeting of the Commission, the Commission shall submit a report to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. The report of the Commission shall describe the results of its review under section 6, shall make such recommendations for fundamental reform and simplification of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as the Commission considers appropriate, and shall describe the expected impact of such recommendations on the economy and progressivity and general administrability of the tax laws. Termination.-- In general.--The Commission, and all the authorities of this Act, shall terminate on the date which is 90 days after the date on which the report is required to be submitted under subsection . Concluding activities.--The Commission may use the 90- day period referred to in paragraph for the purposes of concluding its activities, including providing testimony to committees of Congress concerning its report and disseminating that report. Authorization of Appropriations.--There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for the activities of the Commission. Until such time as funds are specifically appropriated for such activities, $2,000,000 shall be available from fiscal year 2001 funds appropriated to the Department of the Treasury, ``Departmental Offices'' account, for the activities of the Commission, to remain available until expended."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "national advisory commission on tax reform and simplification act of 2001". sec. 2. purpose. the purpose of this act is to establish a commission to study and report back to congress recommendations on simplifying, reforming, or replacing the Internal Revenue code of 1986. sec. 3. findings. the congress finds the following: (1) the internal revenue code is overly complex, imposes significant burdens on individuals, businesses, and the economy, is extremely difficult for the Internal revenue service to administer, and is in need of fundamental reform. (2) many of the problems encountered by taxpayers in dealing with the internal Revenue service--especially those arising from misunderstandings of the code--could be eliminated or alleviated by fundamental reform and Simplification. (3) tax experts and tax experts have repeatedly called for a simplification of the current tax code. (4) taxpayers and tax professionals have repeatedly advocated for a tax reform that would eliminate or replace the current Internal Revenue Service, and many of those that have been proposed for reform and reform have been rejected. (5) the tax experts, tax professionals, and tax analysts have repeatedly argued for a reform and simplified tax code that would reduce the burden on individuals and businesses, as well as the economy. (6) the current internal revenue service has repeatedly called on the government to simplify and simplify the current code. The current tax system is overly complicated and burdensome. (7) the federal government's present fiscal outlook for continuing and sustained budget surpluses provides a significant burden on individual filers, including extensive record keeping, time requirements to prepare returns, gaining an understanding of the exemptions for which they may qualify, and other burdens. this has forced the majority of taxpayers to turn to tax professionals to prepare their tax returns. ( 6) congress is continually modifying and correcting the code, leading to annual uncertainty and only adding to the patchwork of complexity and confusion. “” the current fiscal outlook provides a unique opportunity for the congress to consider measures for fundamental reform or simplification.” sec. 4. the federal advisory commission. (a) in general. (b) congress. (c) the president, the executive branch of the government and the government is continually changing the tax laws. (d) the congress has been unable to make any changes to the tax law. (e) the Congress is unable to provide broad-based, nonpartisan support for proposals to make such changes. (f) the commission. sec(e) continuation of membership. --any individual who appointed a member to the commission by virtue of holding a position described in section 4 ceases to hold such position before the report of the commission is submitted, that member may continue as a member for not longer than the 30-day period beginning on the date that such individual ceases to be a member. sec. 6. duties of the Commission. (a) in general. --the duties of a commission shall include-- (1) to conduct, for a period of not to exceed 18 months from the date of its first meeting, the review described in subsection (b); and (2) to submit to the congress a report of its results of such review, including recommendations for fundamental reform and simplification of the internal revenue code of 1986, as described in sections 10. (b) review and issuing proposals. --a --the commission shall review and, when applicable, issue proposals on-- (c) the present structure and provisions of the Internal Revenue code of the 1986, especially with respect to the current structure of the tax code, including the tax system of 1986; (d) the tax systems of the United States; (e) the current tax system; and (f) the impact of tax systems imposed under the laws of other countries; (g) the effects of tax system imposed under other countries on the economy (including the impact on savings, capital formation, capital investment, and international trade); (b’s impact on families and the workforce (including issues relating to distribution of tax burden and impact on small businesses); (c' the predictability of the income tax and the tax rates imposed under different countries); (d' the effect of the taxation system imposed by other countries and on the income and capital formation of the economy; (b' the impact upon the economy and the population of the U.S. and the economy of the country; (3) whether the tax laws of the countries of 1986 can be simplified, absent wholesale restructuring or replacement thereof; (4) the ability of the government to reduce the tax burden of 1986 and the income taxes imposed under these laws; (5) whether it is possible for the Internal revenue service to reduce its revenue requirements of 1986 to the extent that it can reduce its income tax rates; (6) whether tax systems in other countries could be replaced with a tax imposed in a different manner or on a different base; (7) whether there is a tax system that is not a substitute for the internal tax code of(6) postal services. --the commission may use the united states mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as departments and agencies of the united States. (7) gifts. -- the commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of services or property in carrying out its duties under this act. sec. 8. staff of the commission. (a) in general. --a commission may appoint and fix the compensation of a staff director and such other personnel as may be necessary to enable the commission to carry out its functions without regard to the provisions of title 5, united states code, governing appointments in the competitive service, and without regard the provision of chapter 51 and subchapter iii or chapter 53 of such title relating to classification and general schedule pay rates, except that no rate of pay fixed under this subsection may exceed the equivalent of that payable to a person occupying a position at level v of the executive schedule under section 5316 of title5, united States code. any federal government employee may be detailed to the commission without regard or consent from the commission, and any federal employee may not be detailed in the commission's office without reimbursement. --there are no provisions of chapter 50 of the United States code, and there are no provision of section 53 of the federal government service, except for the provision relating to the provision in section 5315 of the administrative schedule under title 5. united states codes. (b) commission. --it is authorized to procure the services of experts and consultants in accordance with the annual rate of basic pay in effect for a person at level iv of the Executive schedule under category 5316of title 5., united states Code. any other federal government employees may be reported to the Commission without reimbursement from the Commission, and such detailee shall retain the rights, status, and privileges of his or her regular employment without interruption. (c) commission services. (d) consultant services. —the commission is authorized of procure the Services of experts or consultants in addition with section 3109 of title 4, united state code, but at rates not to exceed the daily rate paid a person occupied a position in level ivof the executive Schedule under section 3100 of title 3, unitedstates code. sec, 9. compensation and travel expenses. -- (1) compensation. --(1) in the Commission. --not later than 18 months after the date of the first meeting of the Commission may be compensated at not to exceeding the daily equivalent of the annual Rate of Basic pay in place for a position</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6400644779205322</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>52</ROW><BILL>"FOR COUNTRIES NOT COOPERATING WITH UNITED STATES COUNTERDRUG EFFORTS. In General.--Chapter 8 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2291 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: `` ASSISTANCE FOR COUNTRIES NOT COOPERATING WITH UNITED STATES COUNTERDRUG EFFORTS. ``Annual Identification of Countries Not Cooperating.--Not later than November 1 of 2001, 2002, and 2003, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report identifying each country, if any, that the President proposes to be subject to the provisions of subsection in the fiscal year in which the country is so identified by reason that such country-- ``is not cooperating fully with the United States in achieving full compliance with the goals and objectives of the United Nations Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances; ``is not taking adequate steps on its own to achieve full compliance with the goals and objectives of the Convention; or ``is not taking adequate steps to achieve full compliance with the goals and objectives of a bilateral agreement with the United States on illicit drug control. ``Countries Subject to Withholding of Bilateral Assistance and Opposition to Multilateral Assistance.-- ``Identification.--Not later than March 1 of 2002, 2003, and 2004, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report identifying each country, if any, that shall be subject to the provisions of subsection during the fiscal year in which the country is so identified under this subsection by reason of its identification in the most recent report under subsection . ``Limitation on countries identified.--A country may be identified in a report under paragraph only if the country is also identified in the most recent report under subsection . ``Considerations Regarding Cooperation.--In determining whether or not a country is to be identified in a report under subsection or , the President shall consider the extent to which the country-- ``has met the goals and objectives of the United Nations Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, including action on such matters as illicit cultivation, production, distribution, sale, transport, financing, money laundering, asset seizure, extradition, mutual legal assistance, law enforcement and transit cooperation, precursor chemical control, and demand reduction; ``has accomplished the goals described in the applicable bilateral narcotics control agreement with the United States or a multilateral agreement; ``has taken legal and law enforcement measures to prevent and punish public corruption, especially by senior government officials, that facilitates the production, processing, or shipment of narcotic and psychotropic drugs and other controlled substances, or that discourages the investigation or prosecution of such acts; and ``in the case of a country that is a producer of licit opium-- ``maintains licit production and stockpiles of opium at levels no higher than those consistent with licit market demand; and ``has taken adequate steps to prevent significant diversion of its licit cultivation and production of opium into illicit markets and to prevent illicit cultivation and production of opium. ``Omission for National Security Reasons.-- ``In general.--The President may omit from identification in a report under subsection a country identified in the most recent report under subsection if the President determines that the vital national security interests of the United States require that the country be so omitted. ``Notice to congress.--If the President omits a country under paragraph from a report under subsection , the President shall include in the report under that subsection-- ``a full and complete description of the vital national security interests of the United States placed at risk if the country is not so omitted; and ``a statement weighing the risk described in subparagraph against the risk posed to the vital national security interests of the United States by reason of the failure of the country to cooperate fully with the United States in combatting narcotics or to take adequate steps to combat narcotics on its own. ``Congressional Action.-- ``In general.--The provisions of subsection shall apply to a country in a fiscal year if Congress enacts a joint resolution, not later than March 30 of the fiscal year, providing that such provisions shall apply to the country in the fiscal year. ``Covered countries.--A joint resolution referred to in paragraph may apply to a country for a fiscal year only if the country was not identified in the report in the fiscal year under subsection . ``Senate procedures.--Any joint resolution under this subsection shall be considered in the Senate in accordance with the provisions of section 601of the International Security Assistance and Arms Export Control Act of 1976 (Public Law 94- 329; 90 Stat. 765), except that for purposes of that section the certification referred to in section 601of that Act shall be the applicable report of the President under subsection of this section. ``Withholding of Bilateral Assistance and Opposition to Multilateral Assistance.-- ``Bilateral assistance.--Commencing on March 1 of a fiscal year in which a country is identified in a report under subsection , or March 31 in the case of a country covered by a joint resolution enacted in accordance with subsection , fifty percent of the United States assistance allocated to the country for the fiscal year in the report required by section 653 shall be withheld from obligation and expenditure. ``Multilateral assistance.--Commencing on March 1 of a year in which a country is identified in a report under subsection , or March 31 in the case of a country covered by a joint resolution enacted in accordance with subsection , the Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States Executive Director of each multilateral development bank to vote, on and after that date, against any loan or other utilization of the funds of such institution for the country. ``Multilateral development bank defined.--In this subsection, the term `multilateral development bank' means the following: ``The International Bank for Reconstruction and Development. ``The International Development Association. ``The Inter-American Development Bank. ``The Asian Development Bank. ``The African Development Bank. ``The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. ``Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined.--In this section, the term `appropriate committees of Congress' means the following: ``The Committees on Foreign Relations and Appropriations of the Senate. ``The Committees on International Relations and Appropriations of the House of Representatives.''. Relationship to Current Certification Process.--Section 490 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2291j) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Limitation on Applicability.--This section shall not apply during fiscal years 2002, 2003, and 2004. For limitations on assistance during those fiscal years for countries not cooperating with United States counterdrug efforts see section 490A.''. Conforming Amendment.--Section 489of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2291h) is amended by inserting after ``under section 490'' the following ``or, in 2002, 2003, and 2004, as otherwise determined by the President for purposes of this section''. INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL STRATEGY REPORT. Section 489 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2291h), as amended by this Act, is further amended-- in subsection , by adding after the flush matter at the end of paragraph the following new paragraph : ``The identity of each organization determined by the President to be a major drug trafficking organization, including a description of the activities of such organization during the 2 fiscal years preceding the fiscal year of the report.''; and by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Definitions.--In this section: ``Major drug trafficking organization.--The term `major drug trafficking organization' means any organization engaged in substantial amounts of illicit activity to cultivate, produce, manufacture, distribute, sell, finance, or transport narcotic drugs, controlled substances, or listed chemicals, engages in money laundering or proceeds from such activities, or otherwise endeavor or attempt to do so, or to assist, abet, conspire, or collude with others to do so. ``Narcotic drug; controlled substance; listed chemical.--The terms `narcotic drug', `controlled substance', and `listed chemical' have the meanings given those terms in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802).''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. three-year modification of procedures relating to assistance for countries not cooperating with united states counterdrug efforts. (a) in general. --chapter 8 of part i of the foreign assistance act of 1961 (22 u.s.c. 2291 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: "sec. 490a. limitations during fiscal years 2002, 2003, and 2004 on assistance for country not cooperating. -- "(a) annual identification of countries. " (b) identification. --not later than november 1 of 2001, 2002, and 2003, the president shall submit to the appropriate committees of congress a report identifying each country, if any, that the president proposes to be subject to the provisions of subsection (f) in the fiscal year in which the country is so identified by reason that such country-- "(1) is not cooperating fully with the united states in achieving full compliance with the goals and objectives of the united nations convention against illicit traffic in narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances; "(2) is doing not taking adequate steps on its own to achieve full compliance of the goals of the convention; or "(3) is a member of a multilateral agreement with the United states on illicit drug control. " " (a), countries subject to withholding of bilateral assistance and opposition to multilateral assistance. --"(1) identification as a country. --(1) in particular. --the president may not cooperate fully with any country that is subject to any of the United nations convention. -- (2) has not taken adequate steps in its ownto achieve full comply with the rules and objectives, or "(4) is taking adequate step on its Own to achieve partial compliance with all the goals or objectives of a bilateral agreement with a bilateral partnership with theunited states on drug control; or"(5) is in fact not cooperating in any way with any other country. (c) countries subjectto withholding of unilateral assistance and/or opposition to Multilateral assistance and "(1 (b). -- "(1(a) identifying. -- not later than march 1 of 2002, 2002. 2003, 2004, and 2005, the presidency shall submitto the appropriate committee of congressa report identifying the president, any country, or any other, that shall be Subject to the provision of subsection "f) during the fiscalyear in which it is so identify under this subsection by reason of its identification in the most recent report under subsection (a). "(2" limitation on countries identified. --a country may" (b) a statement weighing the risk described in subparagraph (a) against the risk posed to the vital national security interests of the united states by reason of the failure of the country to cooperate fully with theunited states in combatting narcotics or to take adequate steps to combat narcotics on its own. " (e) congressional action. -- "(1) in general. --the provisions of subsection (f) shall apply to a country in a fiscal year if congress enacts a joint resolution, not later than march 30 of the fiscal year, providing that such provisions shall apply. "(2) covered countries. --a joint resolution referred to in paragraph (1) may apply only if the country was not identified in the report in the fiscal years under subsection (b). "(3) senate procedures. --any joint resolution under this subsection shall be considered in the senate in accordance with the provisions of section 601 (a)(b) of the international security assistance and arms export control act of 1976 (public law 94- 329; 90 stat. 765), except that for purposes of that section the certification referred to by paragraph (a may apply. --in this section, the senate procedures may apply to the country for a year only if a country is not identified as a member of the senate. "(3) Senate procedures.president to be a major drug trafficking organization, including a description of the activities of such organization during the 2 fiscal years preceding the fiscal year of the report. "; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: " (c) definitions. --in this section: "(1) major drug smuggling organization. --the term 'major drug trafficking organisation' means any organization engaged in substantial amounts of illicit activity to cultivate, produce, manufacture, distribute, sell, finance, or transport narcotic drugs, controlled substances, or listed chemicals, engages in money laundering or proceeds from such activities, or otherwise endeavor or attempt to do so, or to assist, abet, conspire, or collude with others to do or facilitate such activities. "(2) narcotic drug; controlled substance; listed chemical. -the terms 'narcotic drug', 'controlled substance', and 'listed chemical' have the meanings given those terms in section 102 of the controlled substances act (21 u.s.c. 802). ". ".</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6147130131721497</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>53</ROW><BILL>"Short Title.--This Act may be cited as the ``Veterans Health Care Facilities Capital Improvement Act of 2011''. Table of Contents.--The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Authorization of fiscal year 2012 major medical facility projects. Sec. 3. Modification of authorization for certain major medical facility construction projects previously authorized. Sec. 4. Authorization of fiscal year 2012 major medical facility leases. Sec. 5. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 6. Modification of requirements relating to congressional approval of certain medical facility acquisitions. Sec. 7. Limitation on authority of Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use bid savings on major construction projects to expand purpose of major medical facility projects. Sec. 8. Name of Department of Veterans Affairs telehealth clinic, Craig, Colorado. Sec. 9. George H. O'Brien, Jr., Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center. Sec. 10. Extension of certain expiring authorities. Sec. 11. Authorization of appropriations for comprehensive service programs for homeless veterans. Sec. 12. Reauthorization of appropriations for financial assistance for supportive services for very low-income veteran families in permanent housing. Sec. 13. Extension of grant program for homeless veterans with special needs. Sec. 14. Extension of specially adapted housing assistance for individuals residing temporarily in housing owned by a family member. Sec. 15. Extension of funding fees. Sec. 16. Notice and verification of the use of income information from other agencies. Sec. 17. Termination or reduction of certain benefits and services based on income information obtained from other agencies. PROJECTS. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facility projects in fiscal year 2012, with each project to be carried out in the amount specified for each project: Construction of seismic corrections for Building 100 at the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Seattle, Washington, in an amount not to exceed $51,800,000. Construction of seismic corrections and renovation of various buildings to include Building 209 for housing facilities for homeless veterans at the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in West Los Angeles, California, in an amount not to exceed $35,500,000. FACILITY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS PREVIOUSLY AUTHORIZED. Modification of Authorization of Fiscal Year 2007 Major Medical Facility Project at Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Fayetteville, Arkansas.--Section 803of the Veterans Benefits, Health Care, and Information Technology Act of 2006 (Public Law 109- 461) is amended-- by inserting ``and a parking garage'' after ``clinical addition''; and by striking ``$56,163,000'' and inserting ``$90,600,000''. Modification of Extension of Authorization for Major Medical Facility Construction Project in Orlando, Florida, Previously Authorized in Connection With Capital Asset Realignment Initiative.-- Section 802of the Veterans Benefits, Health Care, and Information Technology Act of 2006 (Public Law 109-461), as amended by section 702of the Veterans' Mental Health and Other Care Improvements Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-387; 122 Stat. 4137), is amended by inserting ``, including a Simulation, Learning, Education, and Research Network Center,'' after ``Florida, area''. Increase in Amount of Authorization of Fiscal Year 2008 Major Medical Facility Project at Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Palo Alto, California.--The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out the major medical facility project at the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Palo Alto, California, for which amounts were appropriated under chapter 3 of title I of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2008 (Public Law 110-252; 122 Stat. 2326) under the heading ``construction, major projects'' under the heading ``DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS'' in an amount not to exceed $716,600,000. Increase in Amount of Authorization of Fiscal Year 2009 Major Medical Facility Project at Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, San Juan, Puerto Rico.--Section 701of the Veterans' Mental Health and Other Care Improvements Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-387; 122 Stat. 4137) is amended by striking ``$225,900,000'' and inserting ``$277,000,000''. Increase in Amount of Authorization of Fiscal Year 2007 Major Medical Facility Project at Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, St. Louis, Missouri.--Section 803of the Veterans Benefits, Health Care, and Information Technology Act of 2006 (Public Law 109- 461) is amended by striking ``$69,053,000'' and inserting ``$346,300,000''. LEASES. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out the following fiscal year 2012 major medical facility leases at the locations specified, in an amount not to exceed the amount shown for that location: Columbus, Georgia, Community-Based Outpatient Clinic, in an amount not to exceed $5,335,000. Fort Wayne, Indiana, Outpatient Clinic, in an amount not to exceed $2,845,000. Mobile, Alabama, Outpatient Clinic, in an amount not to exceed $6,565,000. Rochester, New York, Outpatient Clinic, in an amount not to exceed $9,232,000. Salem, Oregon, Community-Based Outpatient Clinic, in an amount not to exceed $2,549,000. San Jose, California, Outpatient Clinic, in an amount not to exceed $9,546,000. South Bend, Indiana, Outpatient Clinic, in an amount not to exceed $6,731,000. Springfield, Missouri, Community-Based Outpatient Clinic, in an amount not to exceed $6,489,000. Authorization of Appropriations for Construction.--There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2012 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Construction, Major Projects, account $87,300,000 for the projects authorized in section 2. Modification of Authorization for Certain Major Medical Facility Construction Projects Previously Authorized.--There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2012 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Construction, Major Projects, account $850,070,000 for the projects authorized in section 3. Authorization of Appropriations for Medical Facility Leases.-- There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2012 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Medical Facilities account $49,292,000 for the leases authorized in section 4. Limitation.--The projects authorized in sections 2, 3, and 4 may only be carried out using-- funds appropriated for fiscal year 2012 pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in subsection of this section; funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2012 that remain available for obligation; funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2012 that remain available for obligation; funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for fiscal year 2012 for a category of activity not specific to a project; funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before 2012 for a category of activity not specific to a project; and funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after 2012 for a category of activity not specific to a project. OF CERTAIN MEDICAL FACILITY ACQUISITIONS. Section 8104 of title 38, United States Code, is amended-- in subsection -- in paragraph -- by striking ``detailed description'' and inserting ``detailed estimate of the total costs''; by striking ``a description of the consideration'' and inserting ``a detailed report of the consideration''; and by adding at the end the following: ``Such detailed estimate shall include an identification of each of the following: ``Total construction costs. ``Activation costs. ``Special purpose alterations (lump-sum payment) costs. ``Number of personnel. ``Total costs of ancillary services, equipment, and all other items.''; by striking paragraphs and and redesignating paragraphs through as paragraphs through , respectively; in paragraph , as so redesignated, by striking ``a five-year period and a ten-year period'' and inserting ``a five-year period, a ten-year period, and a twenty-year period''; in paragraph , as so redesignated, by inserting before the period at the end the following: ``, including information on projected changes in workload and utilization over a five-year period, a ten-year period, and a twenty-year period''; in paragraph , as so redesignated-- by striking ``Current and projected'' and inserting ``Projected''; and by inserting before the period at the end the following: ``(including and identifying both recurring and non-recurring costs (including activation costs and total costs of ancillary services, equipment and all other items)) over a five-year period, a ten-year period, and a twenty-year period''; and in paragraph , as so redesignated-- by striking ``a description of each alternative to construction of the facility that was considered.'' and inserting ``each of the following:''; and by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ``A detailed estimate of the total costs (including total construction costs, activation costs, special purpose alterations (lump-sum payment) costs, number of personnel and total costs of ancillary services, equipment and all other items) for each alternative to construction of the facility that was considered. ``A comparison of total costs to total benefits for each such alternative. ``An explanation of why the preferred alternative is the most effective means to achieve the stated project goals and the most cost-effective alternative.''; and in subsection -- by striking ``major medical facility project'' each place it appears and inserting ``major construction project''; and in paragraph -- in subparagraph , by striking ``major medical facility projects'' and inserting ``major construction projects''; and in subparagraph , by striking ``major medical facility'' and inserting ``major construction project''. BID SAVINGS ON MAJOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS TO EXPAND PURPOSE OF MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS. Section 8104of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 6, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ``The Secretary may not obligate an amount under subparagraph to expand the purpose of a major construction project except pursuant to a provision of law enacted after the date on which the Secretary submits to the committees described in subparagraph notice of the following: ``The major construction project that is the source of the bid savings. ``The major construction project for which the Secretary intends to expand the purpose. ``A description of such expansion of purpose. ``The amounts the Secretary intends to obligate to expand the purpose.''. CRAIG, COLORADO. Designation.--The Department of Veterans Affairs telehealth clinic in Craig, Colorado, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ``Major William Edward Adams Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic''. References.--Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States to the clinic referred to in subsection shall be considered to be a reference to the ``Major William Edward Adams Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic''. CENTER. Designation.--The Department of Veterans Affairs medical center located in Big Spring, Texas, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ``George H. O'Brien, Jr., Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center''. References.--Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States to the Department of Veterans Affairs medical center referred to in subsection shall be considered to be a reference to the ``George H. O'Brien, Jr., Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center''. Recovery Audits for Certain Contracts.--Section 1703of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ``September 30, 2013'' and inserting ``September 30, 2020''. Homeless Veterans Reintegration Programs.--Section 2021of such title is amended by striking ``2011'' and inserting ``2012''. Treatment and Rehabilitation for Seriously Mentally Ill and Homeless Veterans.--Section 2031of such title is amended by striking ``December 31, 2011'' and inserting ``December 31, 2012''. Additional Services for Seriously Mentally Ill and Homeless Veterans.--Section 2033of such title is amended by striking ``December 31, 2011'' and inserting ``December 31, 2012''. Housing Assistance for Homeless Veterans.--Section 2041of such title is amended by striking ``December 31, 2011'' and inserting ``December 31, 2012''. Advisory Committee on Homeless Veterans.--Section 2066of such title is amended by striking ``December 30, 2011'' and inserting ``December 31, 2012''. Authority To Transfer Real Property.--Section 8118of such title is amended by striking ``the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of this section'' and inserting ``December 31, 2018''. PROGRAMS FOR HOMELESS VETERANS. Section 2013 of title 38, United States Code, is amended-- by striking ``subchapter'' and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ``subchapter amounts as follows:''; and by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ``$150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2007 through 2009. ``$175,100,000 for fiscal year 2010. ``$217,700,000 for fiscal year 2011. ``$250,000,000 for fiscal year 2012. ``$150,000,000 for fiscal year 2013 and each subsequent fiscal year.''. FOR SUPPORTIVE SERVICES FOR VERY LOW-INCOME VETERAN FAMILIES IN PERMANENT HOUSING. In General.--Subsection of section 2044 is amended-- in paragraph , by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ``$100,000,000 for fiscal year 2012.''; and in paragraph , by striking ``2011'' and inserting ``2012''. Technical Amendment.--Paragraph of such subsection is further amended by striking ``carry out subsection , , and '' and inserting ``carry out subsections , , and ''. SPECIAL NEEDS. Section 2061of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ``2011'' and inserting ``2012''. INDIVIDUALS RESIDING TEMPORARILY IN HOUSING OWNED BY A FAMILY MEMBER. Section 2102Aof title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ``2011'' and inserting ``2012''. Section 3729of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ``October 1, 2011'' each place it occurs and inserting ``November 18, 2011''. FROM OTHER AGENCIES. Section 5317of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ``September 30, 2011'' and inserting ``November 18, 2011''. BASED ON INCOME INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM OTHER AGENCIES. Title 38.--Section 5317Aof title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ``September 30, 2011'' and inserting ``November 18, 2011''. Social Security Act.--Section 453of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 653) is amended by striking ``September 30, 2011'' and inserting ``November 18, 2011''. Speaker of the House of Representatives. Vice President of the United States and President of the Senate."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title; table of contents. (a) short title. --this act may be cited as the "veterans health care facilities capital improvement act of 2011". (b) table of content. --the tables of contents for this act is as follows: sec. 1.short title; tables of content, sec. 2. authorization of fiscal year 2012 major medical facility projects. sec. 3. modification of authorization for certain major medical facilities construction projects previously authorized. (c) authorization of the veterans benefits, health care, and information technology act of 2006 (public law 109- 461) --the secretary of veterans affairs may carry out the following minor medical facility construction projects in fiscal years 2012, with the following modifications of authorization: --section 702 (b)(4) of the Veterans Benefits, Health Care, and Information Technology Act of 2006, 2007, and 2008 (Public Law 109-461) sec. 5. authorization for the veterans' benefits, medical facility project at department of veterans Affairs medical center in fayetteville, arkansas. --section 7. limitation on authority of secretary of secretaries affairs to use bid savings on major construction projects to expand purpose of major medical program projects. -- section 7. name of department of veteran affairs telehealth clinic, craig, colorado. sec., 9. george h. o'brien, jr., department of vets affairs medical center. sec, 10. extension of certain expiring authorities. sec? 11. extension and verification of certain Expiring authorities and sec. 11. authorization and authorization of appropriations for comprehensive service programs for homeless veterans. sec; 12. reauthorization of appropriations and financial assistance for supportive services for very low-income veteran families in permanent housing. sec! 13. extension OF grant program for homeless seniors with special needs. sec (14. extension to grant program of homeless veterans with special services. sec(14. extensions of specially adapted housing assistance for individuals residing temporarily in housing owned by a family member. sec." 15. extension or verification of funding fees for the homeless veterans' medical center at the department of homeless services medical center, california, in an amount not to exceed $35,500,000. --stereal appropriations, termination or reduction of certain benefits and services based on income information obtained from other agencies. --Section 803(3) of veterans benefits and health care. the secretary of seniors affairs may carried out the the following major medical center projects in Fiscal year 2012. with each"$277,000,000". (e) increase in amount of authorization of fiscal year 2007 major medical facility project at department of veterans affairs medical center, st. louis, missouri. --section 803(5) of the veterans benefits, health care, and information technology act of 2006 (public law 109- 461) is amended by striking "$69,053,000" and inserting "$346,300,000", sec. 4. authorization of medical facility leases. the secretary of veterans Affairs may carry out the following fiscal year 2012 major medical facilities leases at the locations specified, in an amount not to exceed the amount shown for that location: (1) columbus, georgia, community-based outpatient clinic, in a amount not for exceed $5,335,000. (2) south bend, colifornia, outpatient clinic in an area not to be specified, and (3) north bend, indiana, outpatient clinics, in the amount not in an amounts not to meet $6,731,000; (4) south bent, columbia, outpatient Clinic, in in an order not to have been specified, but (5) south bend, columne, community community-Based outpatient clinic. (6) south bends, colufornia, community -based outpatient clinics. (7) south jose, california outpatient clinic (8) south west bend, alabama, outpatient suite, in what an amount of exceed $7,565,000 and (4" rochester, new york, outpatient), in an an amount to exceed $9,232,000 or (5). (5, salem, oregon, Community-based oral clinic, and in an increase not to the amount of $2,549,000). (6). san jose- california, colofornia, hospital-based clinic. in an Amount not to die. (5. san jos, calefornia, suburban clinic, out an amount in an unanticipated $9.546,000." (7). (7. south bend. indiana. (8. springfield, missour, outpatient center, out of an amount. (9) springfield (new york) outpatient clinic). (8). (9. salem. sec. 5. authorized of appropriations. (a) authorization of appropriations for construction. --there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans affairs for fiscalother items. "; (b) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and redesignating paragraphs (4) through (8) as paragraphs (1) and paragraphs (3), as paragraphs, and paragraphs, as paragraphs and (6), respectively; (c) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by striking "a five-year period and a ten-year periods" and inserting "a three-year term, a ten-, year period, and a twenty-year time"; (d) in paragraphs (5), as such redesignated-- (i) by strike "current and projected" and insertion "projected"; and (ii) by inserting "current " and inserting (projected); and (iii) the amounts the secretary intends to obligate to expand the purpose. " and (iv) the amount of the amount the Secretary intends to pay. " (iii), by inserting before the period at the end the following: "(including and identifying both recurring and non-recurring costs (including activation costs and total costs of ancillary services, equipment and all other items)) over a five-Year period, a 10-year-period, a fifteen-year and a thirty-year year period"; (e) in subparagraph (4), as "a" and insert "a twenty-five-year, ten-years, and thirty-eight year period". sec. 7. name of department of veterans affairs telehealth clinic, craig, colorado. (a) designation. --the department of veteran affairs telephonic clinic, caig, colourado, shall after the date of the enactment of this act be known and designated as the "major william edward adams department of the United states to the clinic referred to in paragraph, as "", " (b), as a description of the "other alternative to construction of the facility that was considered. ", " (i" by striking the preferred alternative to the facility. " " (ii" by adding at the beginning the following new subparagraphs: " (a), by striking a major medical facility project" each place it appears, "major construction project"; and "major medical facility" and " major construction project". sec." 7. limitation on authority of secretary of veterans Affairs to use bid savings on major construction projects. section 8104 (d)(2) of title 38, united states code, as amended by section 6, is further amended by added at the tail of the following " (csec. 10. extension of certain expiring authorities. (a) recovery audits for certain contracts. --section 1703 (d)(4) of title 38, united states code, is amended by striking "september 30, 2013" and inserting "sewedember 30" and replacing "sptember 31, 2020". (b) homeless veterans reintegration programs. --sections 2021 (e)(1) (f) of such title is amended. (c) treatment and rehabilitation for seriously mentally ill and homeless veterans. (d) treatment for seriously mental ill and homelessness veterans. --Section 2031 (a)(1)(2) of the title 38 (a), United states code is amended, striking "december 31, 2011" and placing "deDecember 31, 2012". (c)(d) additional services for homeless veterans and other homeless veterans, (e) services and rehabilitation. (e-1) of those services and other services for those homeless veterans who reside temporarily in housing owned by a family member. (b)(c)(2)(3) of that title, are amended by strike "seventober 1, 2011", and inserting (december 1, 2012). (c), housing assistance for homeless Veterans. (g) housing Assistance for homeless seniors. (h) housing assistance. (i) housing aid for homeless veteran families. --homes assistance for homelessness veterans, are also possible. --cumber (cumber) of these title is amend by striking 1 "decentralized housing assistance, (homes 1,2011" and (houses 1,2012". (f)(c) advisory committee on homeless veterans) --section 2066 (d(d) of any title is used to amend "sextember 30", united states codes, (c). --section (e, 1) of "sectember 30." (e), 1,2) and inserting 1 "dehyde 1,12". sec. 11. reauthorization of appropriations for services for very low-income veteran families in permanent housing. (1) --subsection (d), (1), "subsection" and "subchapter" of the section 38 (2)(1), (3), and inserting a "subparagraph" and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: "Subchapter amounts as follows:"; and (2) by adding at the beginning the following new paragraphs: "(1) $150,000,000 for each ofspeaker of the house of representatives. vice president of the united states and president ofthe senate. president of all states and senate. senate.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5486975908279419</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>54</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Sportsmen's Bill of Rights Act''. Findings.--The Congress finds the following: Fishing is an important and traditional recreational activity in which 36,000,000 Americans 16 years old and older participate. Hunting is an important and traditional recreational activity in which 14,000,000 Americans 16 years old and older participate. Survey data from a recent comprehensive 3-year study entitled ``Factors Related to Hunting and Fishing Participation in the United States'' suggest that an overwhelming majority of Americans approved of fishing and hunting. Anglers and hunters have been and continue to be among the foremost supporters of sound wildlife management and conservation practices in the United States. Persons who hunt or fish and organizations related to those activities provide direct assistance to wildlife managers and enforcement officers of Federal, State, and local governments. Funds raised through license, permit, and stamp purchases, as well as through excise taxes on goods used by anglers and hunters, have generated more than $6,000,000,000 for wildlife research and management. Fishing and hunting are essential components of effective wildlife management, in that they tend to reduce conflicts between people and wildlife and provide incentives for the conservation of wildlife and habitats and ecosystems on which wildlife depends. Each State has established one or more agencies staffed by professionally trained fish and wildlife management personnel, has legal authority to manage the fish and wildlife found within the State, and carries out sound programs of fish and wildlife management. Policy.--It is the policy of the United States that in performing duties under Federal law, all Federal agencies that have authority to manage a natural resource or the Federal public land and water on which a natural resource depends shall exercise the authority, consistent with section 3, in a manner so as to support, promote, and enhance hunting and fishing opportunities to the extent permitted under State law and regulation and in accordance with applicable Federal law. In General.--Federal public land and water shall be open to access and use for fishing and hunting except-- as limited by the State in which the Federal public land or water is located; or as limited by the Federal agency responsible for the Federal public land or water-- for reasons of national security; for reasons of public safety; or for reasons specifically authorized in applicable statutes. Limitations on Terms of Federal Closure to Fishing or Hunting.-- Limitation on duration.--Any closure of Federal public land or water to fishing or hunting may continue in effect only during the period in which the specific circumstances for which the closure is established exist. Rule of construction.--Any authority of a Federal agency to close particular land or water to hunting or fishing shall not be construed as authority to protect or manage fish or wildlife. Certain Federal Public Land and Water Administered by the National Park Service.--Nothing in this Act shall compel the opening to hunting or fishing of national parks or national monuments administered by the National Park Service. No Priority.--This section does not require a Federal agency to give preference to fishing or hunting over other uses of Federal public land or water or land or water management priorities established in Federal law. Authority of the States.-- In general.--Nothing in this Act impairs the primacy of State authority in regulating the taking of fish and wildlife on land or water within the State, including Federal public land or water. Federal authority.--Except as expressly provided by Act of Congress, the authority of a Federal agency regarding the taking of fish and wildlife on Federal public land or water managed by the Federal agency shall be no greater than the rights of a private owner of land or water. Federal Aid in Wildlife Restoration Act.--The Act entitled ``An Act to provide that the United States shall aid the States in wildlife- restoration projects, and for other purposes'', approved September 2, 1937 (16 U.S.C. 669 et seq.; commonly known as the Federal Aid in Wildlife Restoration Act), is amended-- by striking ``Secretary of Agriculture'' each place it appears and inserting ``Secretary of the Interior''; and in section 4 by adding at the end the following: ``The amount of funding made available to the Secretary of the Interior for expenses under this section shall not be available for use as a supplement to decreased funding for any other expense under the authority of the Secretary of the Interior.''. Federal Aid in Fish Restoration Act.--Section 4 of the Act entitled ``An Act to provide that the United States shall aid the States in fish restoration and management projects, and for other purposes'', approved August 9, 1950 (16 U.S.C. 777c; commonly known as the Federal Aid in Fish Restoration Act), is amended by adding at the end the following: ``The amount of funding made available to the Secretary of the Interior for expenses under this section shall not be available for use as a supplement to decreased funding for any other expense under the authority of the Secretary of the Interior.''. Statement.--No Federal agency action that may significantly diminish opportunities or access to engage in fishing or hunting on Federal public land or water shall be effective until the agency prepares a detailed statement evaluating the effect of the action on fishing and hunting. Notice and Hearing.--Before taking an action described in subsection , a Federal agency shall-- provide notice of the proposed agency action to the appropriate State agency responsible for the conduct or oversight of fish and wildlife management; and conduct a public hearing in the vicinity of the proposed action. Judicial Review.--An individual or entity that may be adversely affected by a loss of fishing or hunting opportunities on Federal public land or water as a result of an agency action described in subsection may bring a civil action in a United States district court for review of the adequacy of the statement required in subsection . Emergencies.--Nothing in this section precludes an agency from exercising statutory authority to close Federal public land or water in an emergency or other exigent circumstances. Effect on Other Law.--Nothing in this section affects or has application to the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.) or the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). Intervention.--A person interested in participating in fishing or hunting shall be entitled to intervene as a matter of right in a civil action brought under any other Federal law relating to the use of any Federal public land or water in which the plaintiff seeks an order that would require the use (or nonuse) of the land or water in such a manner as to impair access to or use of the land or water for the purpose of fishing or hunting as required by this Act. Consideration of Interests.--If an intervenor under subsection shows that the application of another Federal law as sought by the plaintiff would be likely to impair access to or use of the Federal public land or water for the purpose of fishing or hunting as required by this Act, the court shall not grant the relief sought unless the plaintiff shows that the interest intended to be advanced by the other Federal law clearly outweighs the interest of protecting access to and use of Federal public land or water for fishing and hunting. State Deemed Indispensable Party.--In any civil action brought in any United States district court under any other Federal law relating to the use of any Federal public land or water, a State is deemed an indispensable party if management by the State of fish and resident wildlife, including hunting and fishing, would be curtailed or if opportunities provided by the State for hunting and fishing would be reduced or eliminated by a grant of preliminary or final relief. An individual who is licensed by a State to engage in fishing or hunting, or an organization representing the interests of such individuals, may bring a civil action in a United States district court to seek declaratory or injunctive relief regarding the implementation of any provision of this Act, including a declaration that a civil action brought by another person may significantly disrupt or eliminate opportunities for fishing or hunting and an injunction against the prosecution of the civil action. As used in this Act: Hunting and fishing.--For any State, the terms ``hunting'' and ``fishing'' include all means and methods of taking fish and wildlife as authorized and regulated by the State agency responsible for the conduct or oversight of fish and wildlife management. Federal public land or water.--The term ``Federal public land or water''-- except as provided in subparagraph , means all lands and waters owned in fee by the United States and all property interests owned by the United States in land or water, including easements, that are administered by-- the Secretary of the Interior through the Bureau of Land Management, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the National Park Service, or the Bureau of Reclamation; the Secretary of Agriculture through the United States Forest Service; or the Secretary of Defense through the United States Army Corps of Engineers or pursuant to the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a et seq.); and does not include any land or water, or interest in land or water, that is part of a national park or national monument, administered by the National Park Service."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "sportsmen's bill of rights act". sec. 2. findings; policy. (a) findings. --the congress finds the following: (1) fishing is an important and traditional recreational activity in which 36,000,000 americans 16 years old and older participate. (2) hunting is a important andtraditional recreational activity, in which 14,000-000 american 16 years older participate in. (3) survey data from a recent comprehensive 3-year study entitled "factors related to hunting and fishing participation in the united states" suggest that an overwhelming majority of americans approved of fishing and hunting. (4) anglers and hunters have been and continue to be among the foremost supporters of sound wildlife management and conservation practices in the United states. (5) persons who hunt or fish and organizations related to those activities provide direct assistance to wildlife managers and enforcement officers of federal, state, and local governments. (6) funds raised through license, permit, and stamp purchases, as well as through excise taxes on goods used by anglers, have generated more than $1.5 million,000 for wildlife research and management. (7) angler and hunters are essential components of effective wildlife management, in that they tend to reduce conflicts between people and wildlife and provide incentives for the conservation of wildlife and habitats and ecosystems on which wildlife depends. (8) each state has established one or more agencies staffed by professionally trained fish and wildlife management personnel, has legal authority to manage the fish and fisheries found within the state, has raised through excise tax, and expenditures used by hunters, have earned more than U.S. dollars for anglers. (9) funds collected through hunting and hunting have generated over $6,000. (10) funds received through fishing and fishing have generated nearly $1,000 million, and has generated $6.5,000 (10,000) in the last three years. (11) funds generated through hunting, fishing, and other recreational activities have generated approximately $1 million, 000,000 in the past three years, and the United States has established a number of fisheries and wildlife conservation programs. (b) policy. --it is the policy of the united States that in performing duties under federal law, all federal agencies that have authority to management a natural resource or the federal public land and water on which a naturalresource depends shall exercise the authority, consistent with section 3 (e), in a manner so as torestoration projects, and for other purposes", approved september 2, 1937 (16 u.s.c. 669 et seq.; commonly known as the federal aid in wildlife restoration act), is amended-- (1) by striking "secretary of agriculture" each place it appears and inserting "secretaries of agriculture", each place in section 4 by adding at the end the following: " " (c) the amount of funding made available to the secretary of the interior for expenses under this section shall not be available for use as a supplement to decreased funding for any other expense under the authority of the Secretary of the Interior. ". (b) federal aid for fish restoration act. --section 4 of the act entitled "an act to provide that the united states shall aid the states in fish restoration and management projects, (a) shall be used as a substitute to the federal law for the purpose of fishing or hunting as required by this act. (b, state deemed indispensable party. --in any case, the act is amended by striking and inserting the following at the beginning the following. (a, state deems indispensable party). (b), state deemed essential party. sec. 5. evaluation of wildlife management effects. (1a) statement. --no federal agency action that may significantly diminish opportunities or access to engage in fishing and hunting on federal public land or water shall be effective until the agency prepares a detailed statement evaluating the effect of the action on fishing and water. (c, state deem indispensable party) --no agency action may significantly decrease opportunities or use of the federal public lands or water for fishing and fishing. (d) notice and hearing. --before taking an action described in subsection (a), a federal agency shall-- (2) provide notice of the proposed agency action to the appropriate state agency responsible for the conduct or oversight of fish and wildlife management; and (3) conduct a public hearing in the vicinity of the planned action. (4) declaratory fishing. -- no federal agency actions that may substantially diminish opportunities to engaged in fishing or Hunting on federal land or Water shall be implemented until the agencies prepares a comprehensive statement evaluating a detailed description evaluating the effects of the effect. (f) notice of action described In subsection (b). --before the action describedIn subsection (A), a Federal agency shall– (1" provide notice or notice of a proposed agency actions to the relevant state agency for the conducting or oversightof fish and Wildlife management; (2- conduct a hearing in a vicinity of a publicstate agency responsible for the conduct or oversight of fish and wildlife management. (2) federal public land or water. --the term "federal public land and water"-- (a) except as provided in subparagraph (b), means all lands and waters owned in fee by the united states and all property interests owned by the divided states in land or waters, including easements, that are administered by-- (i) the secretary of the interior through the bureau of land management, the united state fish and Wildlife service, the national park service, or the bureau for reclamation; (ii) the secretaries of agriculture through the united States forest service; or (iii) the Secretary of defense through the United states army corps of engineers or pursuant to the sikes act (16 u.s.c. 670a et seq. ); and (b) does not include any land or land or any interest in land and waters, that is part of a national park or national monument, administered by the federal park service. service.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6636849045753479</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>55</ROW><BILL>"Short Title.--This Act may be cited as the ``VA Major Construction Authorization and Expiring Authorities Extension Act of 2012''. Table of Contents.--The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. References to title 38, United States Code. Sec. 3. Scoring of budgetary effects. TITLE I--CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 101. Authorization of fiscal year 2013 major medical facility projects. Sec. 102. Authorization of major medical facility project in Miami, Florida. Sec. 103. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE II--EXTENSIONS OF CERTAIN EXPIRING AUTHORITIES Sec. 201. Extension of authority to calculate the net value of real property securing a defaulted loan for purposes of liquidation. Sec. 202. Extension of authority for operation of the Department of Veterans Affairs regional office in Manila, the Republic of the Philippines. Sec. 203. Extension of authority to provide treatment, rehabilitation, and certain other services for seriously mentally ill and homeless veterans. Sec. 204. Extension of authority to provide expanded services to homeless veterans. Sec. 205. Extension of authority to provide housing assistance for homeless veterans. Sec. 206. Extension of authority for the Advisory Committee on Homeless Veterans. Sec. 207. Extension of authority for the performance of medical disability examinations by contract physicians. Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 38, United States Code. The budgetary effects of this Act, for the purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be determined by reference to the latest statement titled ``Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation'' for this Act, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the House Budget Committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. TITLE I--CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS PROJECTS. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facility projects in fiscal year 2013 in the amount specified for each project: Construction of a mental health building at the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Seattle, Washington, in an amount not to exceed $222,000,000. Construction of a spinal cord injury center at the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Dallas, Texas, in an amount not to exceed $155,200,000. FLORIDA. In General.--The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out the major medical facility project described in subsection in an amount not to exceed a total of $41,000,000. Project Described.--The major medical facility project described in this subsection is the renovation of the surgical suite and operating rooms at the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Miami, Florida. Authorization of Appropriations for Construction.--There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2013 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Construction, Major Projects, account $377,200,000 for the projects authorized in section 101. Limitation.--In addition to any limitations under section 8104 of title 38, United States Code, or other provision of law that apply to the projects authorized in section 101 and 102, such projects may only be carried out using-- funds appropriated for fiscal year 2013 pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in subsection of this section; funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2013 that remain available for obligation; funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2013 that remain available for obligation; funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for fiscal year 2013 for a category of activity not specific to a project; funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before 2013 for a category of activity not specific to a project; and funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after 2013 for a category of activity not specific to a project. TITLE II--EXTENSIONS OF CERTAIN EXPIRING AUTHORITIES PROPERTY SECURING A DEFAULTED LOAN FOR PURPOSES OF LIQUIDATION. Section 3732is amended by striking ``October 1, 2012'' and inserting ``October 1, 2013''. VETERANS AFFAIRS REGIONAL OFFICE IN MANILA, THE REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES. Section 315is amended by striking ``December 31, 2012'' and inserting ``December 31, 2013''. Such section 315 shall be carried out as amended by this section notwithstanding the date described in section 151 of the Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2013. REHABILITATION, AND CERTAIN OTHER SERVICES FOR SERIOUSLY MENTALLY ILL AND HOMELESS VETERANS. Section 2031is amended by striking ``December 31, 2012'' and inserting ``December 31, 2013''. HOMELESS VETERANS. Section 2033is amended by striking ``December 31, 2012'' and inserting ``December 31, 2013''. HOMELESS VETERANS. Section 2041is amended by striking ``December 31, 2012'' and inserting ``December 31, 2013''. HOMELESS VETERANS. Section 2066is amended by striking ``December 31, 2012'' and inserting ``December 31, 2013''. DISABILITY EXAMINATIONS BY CONTRACT PHYSICIANS. Section 704of the Veterans Benefits Act of 2003 (38 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by striking ``December 31, 2012'' and inserting ``December 31, 2013''. Speaker of the House of Representatives. Vice President of the United States and President of the Senate."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title; table of contents. (a) short title. --this act may be cited as the "va major construction authorization and expiring authorities extension act of 2012". (b) table of content. --the table of Contents for this act is as follows: sec. 1.short title; tables of contents, sec. 2. references to title 38, united states code. sec. 3. scoring of budgetary effects. (1) scoring of fiscal year 2013 major medical facility projects. (2) filing of appropriations sec. 101. authorization of the secretary of veterans affairs for fiscal year 2012 major medical facilities, seattle, washington, in an amount not to exceed $155,200,000. (3) filing in the congressional record by the chairman of the house budget committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. title i--construction authorizations sec. 102. authorization and authorization of major medical program projects. sec., 102. authorized of major construction authorizations. sec, 102. authorize of major military facility projects in miami, florida. sec.. 103. authorization, certifications, and other provisions. title ii--extensions of certain expiring authority sec. 201. extension of authority to calculate the net value of real property securing a defaulted loan for purposes of liquidation and sec. 202. extension OF authority for operation of the department of veterans Affairs regional office in manila, the republic of the philippines. sec,. 203. extensionof authority to provide treatment, rehabilitation, and certain other services for seriously mentally ill and homeless veterans. sec . 204. extension Of authority to provided expanded services to homeless veterans and sec, 205. extension to provide expanded services for homeless veterans, sec, 206. extension for the advisory committee on homeless veterans for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2011. sec.-construction authority for the medical disability examinations by contract physicians. --a. title 1. title, titles of title, united States code. --as a section of title for title 38; united states Code. except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section, other provision of title 38. united states codes. Sec. 1, short title, title of title. (i. 1) scoring for budgetary effects, for the purpose of complying with the statutory pay-assec. 201. extension of authority to calculate the net value of real property securing a defaulted loan for purposes of liquidation. section 3732 (c)(11) is amended by striking "october 1, 2012" and inserting "octob 1, 2013". sec. 202. extensionof authority for operation of the department of veterans affairs regional office in manila, the republic of the philippines. section 315 (b) is amend by striking “december 31, 2012” and inserting a "december 30, 2013" note. sec. 203. extensions of authority for the operation of operations of the Department of Veterans Affairs regional office, the Republic of the Philippines. section 2031 (c) is revised by striking adecember 24, 2012 and inserting (december 29, 2013). such section 315 shall be carried out as amended by this section notwithstanding the date of the date described in section 151 of the continuing appropriations resolution, 2013. sec." 203. extension OF authority to provide treatment, rehabilitation, and certain other services for seriously mentally ill and homeless veterans. section2031 (b)(b) and inserting 'december 1, 2011". sec., 204. extension to provide expanded services to homeless veterans and veterans who are homeless. section 201 (c), is amended to provide additional services to homelessness veterans. and re-envisioned services to Homeless veterans. sections 2033 (d) is used by striking 1 "deDecember 31, 2011" and insertion "dejun 31, 2013", sec. 205. extension for the housing assistance for homeless veterans, and the housing housing assistance program for the homeless veterans in the republic. section 4041 (c,c) (a), is used to provide housing assistance to homeless homeless veterans for the elderly veterans. (b,c, 2011) sec. 206. extension Of authority for services for the advisory committee on homeless veterans to the council of homeless veterans or the advisory committees on homeless veteran. section 3066 (d)(1) is cited by striking 2 "decelerating" and "dejure 31, 2014". sec, 207. extension (c). sec. 207. continuation of authority of the performance of medical disability examinations by contract physicians. section 704 (c-c) of the veterans benefits act of 2003 (38 u.s.c. 5101 note) is am amended by struck "debele 31,2012" and inserted "dejay 31,2013". speaker of the house of representatives. vice president of</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6829232573509216</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>56</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Selected Reserve Home Loan Equity Act''. SELECTED RESERVE. Section 3702of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ``and ending on September 30, 2009,''. SELECTED RESERVE AND ACTIVE DUTY VETERANS. In General.--Paragraph of section 3729of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ``The loan fee table referred to in paragraph is as follows: ``LOAN FEE TABLE ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Type of loan Veteran Other obligor ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Initial loan described in 2.00 NA section 3710to purchase or construct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other initial loan described in section 3710other than with 5-down or 10-down (closed before October 1, 2011)................... ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Initial loan described in 1.25 NA section 3710to purchase or construct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other initial loan described in section 3710other than with 5-down or 10-down (closed on or after October 1, 2011)............. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Subsequent loan described in 3.30 NA section 3710to purchase or construct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other subsequent loan described in section 3710(closed before October 1, 2011).... ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Subsequent loan described in 2.15 NA section 3710to purchase or construct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other subsequent loan described in section 3710(closed on or after October 1, 2011 and before October 1, 2013)........ ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Subsequent loan described 1.25 NA in section 3710to purchase or construct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other subsequent loan described in section 3710(closed on or after October 1, 2013).............................. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Loan described in section 1.50 NA 3710to purchase or construct a dwelling with 5-down (closed before October 1, 2011)................... ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Loan described in section 0.75 NA 3710to purchase or construct a dwelling with 5-down (closed on or after October 1, 2011)............. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Initial loan described in 1.25 NA section 3710to purchase or construct a dwelling with 10-down (closed before October 1, 2011).... ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Initial loan described in 0.50 NA section 3710to purchase or construct a dwelling with 10-down (closed on or after October 1, 2011).............................. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Interest rate reduction 0.50 NA refinancing loan................... ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Direct loan under section 3711.. 1.00 NA ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Manufactured home loan under 1.00 NA section 3712 (other than an interest rate reduction refinancing loan).............................. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Loan to Native American veteran 1.25 NA under section 3762 (other than an interest rate reduction refinancing loan).............................. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Loan assumption under section 0.50 0.50 3714............................... ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Loan under section 3733...... 2.25 2.25''. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Conforming Amendments.--Paragraph of such section is amended to read as follows: ``The term `veteran' means any veteran eligible for the benefits of this chapter.''. Paragraph of such section is amended by striking subparagraph and redesignating subparagraphs , , , , , , and as subparagraphs , , , , , , and , respectively. Passed the House of Representatives May 21, 2003. Attest: JEFF TRANDAHL, Clerk."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "selected reserve home loan equity act". sec. 2. permanent authority for housing loans for members of the selected reserve. section 3702 (a)(2) (e) of title 38, united states code, is amended by striking "and ending on september 30, 2009,". sec. 3. uniform home loan guaranty fees for qualifying members. (a) in general. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ (i) loan under section 3729 (b) (a), which is amended to read as follows: "loan fee table" ------------------------------------------------------------------------(i) loans under section 3829 (a, b) and section 3733 (b, c) (c) (d) (b), which reads as follows:"(a) loan to the selected reservist. (b)(b) and other obligor. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- (i)(i) Loan under section 37629 (c)(2), which read as "the term 'veteran' means any veteran eligible for the benefits of this chapter. ". (b).(b) section 3730 (a). ------------------------------------------------------------------------ section 3731 (a.c) and (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), and (h) conforming amendments. --(1) paragraph (4) (1) of such section is amended from read as following: " (aa) the term 'viitor' means the veteran ineligible for the benefit of this section. "(2) paragraph(4) of Such section is amend by striking subparagraph (b)- and redesignating subparagraphs (c). (d). (e).(c) as subparagraphs. (d. and (e)) (d, (e)), (d., (e)).(c), and(d), and) (h). -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (a and b) loan described in the house of representatives may 21, 2003. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (b-b) loan description in the House of Representatives may 21. 2003. --a) to purchase or construct a dwelling with 0-down, or any other subsequent loan described by section 3710 (a)) (closed on or after october 1, 2013) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (b and c) loan term in the first two years of the current term. ----------------------------------------------------------------   ______________________________ (b. and c. ) to purchase a dwelling. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ (a b) (s) first loan described</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.39102357625961304</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>57</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Native American $1 Coin Act''. In General.--Section 5112 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Redesign and Issuance of Circulating $1 Coins Honoring Native Americans and the Important Contributions Made by Indian Tribes and Individual Native Americans in United States History.-- ``Redesign beginning in 2009.--Effective beginning January 1, 2009, notwithstanding subsection , in addition to the coins to be issued pursuant to subsection , and in accordance with this subsection, the Secretary shall mint and issue $1 coins that-- ``have as the designs on the obverse the so- called `Sakakawea design'; and ``have a design on the reverse selected in accordance with paragraph , subject to paragraph . ``Design requirements.--The $1 coins issued in accordance with paragraph shall meet the following design requirements: ``Coin reverse.--The design on the reverse shall bear-- ``images celebrating the important contributions made by Indian tribes and individual Native Americans to the development of the United States and the history of the United States; ``the inscription `$1' ; and ``the inscription `United States of America'. ``Coin obverse.--The design on the obverse shall-- ``be chosen by the Secretary, after consultation with the Commission of Fine Arts and review by the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee; and ``contain the so-called `Sakakawea design' and the inscription `Liberty'. ``Edge-incused inscriptions.-- ``In general.--The inscription of the year of minting and issuance of the coin and the inscriptions `E Pluribus Unum' and `In God We Trust' shall be edge-incused into the coin. ``Preservation of distinctive edge.-- The edge-incusing of the inscriptions under clause on coins issued under this subsection shall be done in a manner that preserves the distinctive edge of the coin so that the denomination of the coin is readily discernible, including by individuals who are blind or visually impaired. ``Reverse design selection.--The designs selected for the reverse of the coins described under this subsection-- ``shall be chosen by the Secretary after consultation with the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate, the Congressional Native American Caucus of the House of Representatives, the Commission of Fine Arts, and the National Congress of American Indians; ``shall be reviewed by the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee; ``may depict individuals and events such as-- ``the creation of Cherokee written language; ``the Iroquois Confederacy; ``Wampanoag Chief Massasoit; ``the `Pueblo Revolt'; ``Olympian Jim Thorpe; ``Ely S. Parker, a general on the staff of General Ulysses S. Grant and later head of the Bureau of Indian Affairs; and ``code talkers who served the United States Armed Forces during World War I and World War II; and ``in the case of a design depicting the contribution of an individual Native American to the development of the United States and the history of the United States, shall not depict the individual in a size such that the coin could be considered to be a `2- headed' coin. ``Issuance of coins commemorating 1 native american event during each year.-- ``In general.--Each design for the reverse of the $1 coins issued during each year shall be emblematic of 1 important Native American or Native American contribution each year. ``Issuance period.--Each $1 coin minted with a design on the reverse in accordance with this subsection for any year shall be issued during the 1- year period beginning on January 1 of that year and shall be available throughout the entire 1-year period. ``Order of issuance of designs.--Each coin issued under this subsection commemorating Native Americans and their contributions-- ``shall be issued, to the maximum extent practicable, in the chronological order in which the Native Americans lived or the events occurred, until the termination of the coin program described in subsection ; and ``thereafter shall be issued in any order determined to be appropriate by the Secretary, after consultation with the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate, the Congressional Native American Caucus of the House of Representatives, and the National Congress of American Indians. ``Issuance of numismatic coins.--The Secretary may mint and issue such number of $1 coins of each design selected under this subsection in uncirculated and proof qualities as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. ``Quantity.--The number of $1 coins minted and issued in a year with the design in accordance with this subsection shall be not less than 20 percent of the total number of $1 coins minted and issued in such year under this subsection and subsection .''. Marketing Program.-- In general.--The Secretary of the Treasury shall carry out a cost-effective, continuing campaign to encourage commercial enterprises to accept and dispense $1 coins that have as designs on the obverse the so-called ``Sakakawea design''. Report.--The Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to Congress an annual report on the success of the efforts described in paragraph . Presidential $1 Coin Program.--Section 5112of title 31, United States Code, is amended-- in paragraph -- by striking the paragraph designation and heading and all that follows through ``Notwithstanding subsection '' and inserting the following: ``Redesign beginning in 2007.--Notwithstanding subsection ''; by striking subparagraph ; and by redesignating clauses and as subparagraphs and , respectively, and indenting the subparagraphs appropriately; and by striking ``Sacagawea-design'' each place it appears and inserting ``Sakakawea-design''. Removal of Barriers to Circulation of $1 Coin.--Section 5112of title 31, United States Code, is amended in paragraphs and by striking ``Sacagawea-design'' each place it appears and inserting ``Sakakawea-design''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "native american $1 coin act". sec. 2. native american money program. (a) in general. --section 5112 of title 31, united states code, is amended by adding at the end the following: "(r) redesign and issuance of circulating $1 coins honoring native americans and the important contributions made by indian tribes and individual native america in united states history. -- "(1) redesign beginning in 2009.--effective beginning january 1, 2009, notwithstanding subsection (d), in addition to the coins to be issued pursuant to subsection (n), and in accordance with this subsection, the secretary shall mint and issue $1. --the secretary shall-- " (b) have as the designs on the obverse the so- called 'sakakawea design'; and " (c) have a design on the reverse selected in accordancewith paragraph (2) (a), subject to paragraph (3) (b). "(2) design requirements. -- the $1, shall meet the following design requirements: " (a). --the secretaries shall mint, issue $2 coins that-- " " (i) have the designs selected in the design on obverse, subject to a paragraph (1) (1), subjectto paragraph (4) (2), subject (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10) (11) (12) (13) (14) (15) (16) (17) (18) (19) (20) (21) (22) (23) (24) (25) (26) (27) (28) (29) (30) (31) (33) (34) (35) (36) (40) (41) (44) (45) (46) (47) (48) (50) (51) (53) (54) (55) (56) (57) (58) (59) (60) (61) (62) (63) (64) (65) (66) (71) (70) (72) (73) (74) (75) (78) (67) (69) (80) (81) (82) (83) (84) (85) (86) (87) (91) (92) (93) (94) (95) and the 'seventeenheaded' coin. "(3) issuance of coins commemorating 1 native american event during each year. -- " (a) in general. --each design for the reverse of the $1 coins issued during each month shall be emblematic of 1 important native america or native americana contribution each year and shall be available throughout the entire 1-year period. " (b) issuance period. --the $1 coin minted with a design on the reverse in accordance with this subsection for any year shall be issued during the 1- year period beginning on january 1 of that year and will be available during the entire year. " " (c) order of issuance of designs. -- each coin issued under this subsection commemorating native americans and their contributions-- " (i) shall be released, to the maximum extent practicable, in the chronological order in which the native americas lived or the events occurred, until the termination of the coin program described in subsection (n); and " (ii) thereafter shall be issuing in any order determined to be appropriate by the secretary, after consultation with the committee on indian affairs of the senate, the committee of indian Affairs of the house of representatives, and the national congress of american indians. "(4) issuance and proof of concept. --(i) may mint and issue such number of $1s of each design selected by this subsection in uncirculated and proof-of-concept form as the secretary determines to be necessary. "(5) thereafter. -- the secretary may issue such numbers of each coin selected under this design in any ordered determined to the design in the order determined by the committee, after consulting with the secretary. -- (5) shall issue in any of the committee's design in a year with the design. -- --the number of total number of dollars minted and issued in the year with this design, the representative of the america indians, the congressional native americ american caucus of americana indians., and the congressional congress of republicans. "(6) issuing of numismatic coins. -the secretary may mint, issue such a number of money coins of each type selected under the design, and such number shall be not less than 20 percent of the number of "sakakawea-design". (7) number of coins minted in the total year under this subsections and subsection (N). ". (b). marketing program. - (1) in the treasury shall carry out a cost-effective, continuing campaign to</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5715311765670776</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>58</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Stop Errors in Credit Use and Reporting Act'' or the ``SECURE Act''. Injunctive Relief.--The Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended-- in section 616-- in subsection , by striking ``In General.--'' and inserting ``Damages.--''; by redesignating subsections and as subsections and , respectively; and by inserting after subsection the following: ``Injunctive Relief.--In addition to any other remedy set forth in this section, a court may award injunctive relief to require compliance with the requirements imposed under this title with respect to any consumer. In the event of any successful action for injunctive relief under this subsection, the court may award to the prevailing party costs and reasonable attorney fees (as determined by the court) incurred during the action by such party.''; and in section 617-- in subsection , by striking ``In General.--'' and inserting ``Damages.--''; by redesignating subsection as subsection ; and by inserting after subsection the following: ``Injunctive Relief.--In addition to any other remedy set forth in this section, a court may award injunctive relief to require compliance with the requirements imposed under this title with respect to any consumer. In the event of any successful action for injunctive relief under this subsection, the court may award to the prevailing party costs and reasonable attorney fees (as determined by the court) incurred during the action by such party.''. Enforcement by Federal Trade Commission.--Section 621of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s) is amended-- by striking ``Knowing violations.--'' and inserting ``Negligent, willful, or knowing violations.--''; and by inserting ``negligent, willful, or'' before ``knowing''. FURNISHERS OF INFORMATION. Provision and Consideration of Documentation Provided by Consumers.--The Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended-- in section 611-- in subsection -- in paragraph -- in subparagraph , by inserting ``, including all documentation provided by the consumer'' after ``received from the consumer or reseller''; and in subparagraph , by inserting ``, including all documentation provided by the consumer,'' after ``from the consumer or reseller''; and in paragraph , by inserting ``, including all documentation,'' after ``relevant information''; and in subsection , by inserting ``, including all documentation,'' after ``relevant information''; and in section 623-- in subsection , by striking clause and inserting the following: ``review and consider all relevant information, including all documentation, provided by the consumer with the notice;''; and in subsection , by striking subparagraph and inserting the following: ``review and consider all relevant information, including all documentation, provided by the consumer reporting agency pursuant to section 611;''. Gathering and Reporting of Information Relating to Consumer Disputes.--Section 611 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Gathering and Reporting of Information Relating to Consumer Disputes.-- ``Reports required.--The Bureau shall provide reports regarding the disputes described in subsection received by consumer reporting agencies in such intervals and to such parties as the Bureau deems appropriate. ``Gathering of information.--The Bureau shall prescribe rules for the gathering of information relating to disputes described in subsection received by consumer reporting agencies to be used in generating the reports under paragraph , including rules establishing-- ``the type and format of information that shall be received by the Bureau from each consumer reporting agency; and ``the frequency of receipt of the information from consumer reporting agencies.''. Accuracy Compliance Procedures.--Section 607 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681e) is amended by striking subsection and inserting the following: ``Accuracy of Report.-- ``In general.--A consumer reporting agency shall follow reasonable procedures when preparing a consumer report to assure maximum possible accuracy of the information concerning the individual to whom the consumer report relates. ``Bureau rule to assure maximum possible accuracy.-- ``Proposed rule.--Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Stop Errors in Credit Use and Reporting Act, the Bureau shall issue a proposed rule establishing the procedures that a consumer reporting agency must follow to assure maximum possible accuracy of all consumer reports furnished by the agency in compliance with this subsection. ``Considerations.--When formulating the rule required under subparagraph , the Bureau shall consider if requiring the matching of the following information would improve the accuracy of consumer reports: ``The first name and last name of a consumer. ``The date of birth of a consumer. ``All 9 digits of the social security number of a consumer. ``Any other information that the Bureau determines would aid in assuring maximum possible accuracy of all consumer reports furnished by consumer reporting agencies in compliance with this subsection.''. Responsibilities of Furnishers of Information to Consumer Reporting Agencies.--Section 623of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s-2) is amended by inserting ,`` and does not include any new or additional information that would be relevant to a reinvestigation'' before the period. Disclosures to Consumers.--Section 609 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681g) is amended-- in subsection , by striking ``; and'' and all that follows through the end of subparagraph and inserting the following: ``the address and telephone number of the person; and ``the permissible purpose of the person for obtaining the consumer report, including the specific type of credit product that is extended, reviewed, or collected as described in section 604.''; in subsection -- by amending paragraph to read as follows: ``supply the consumer with a credit score that-- ``is derived from a credit scoring model that is widely distributed to users by the consumer reporting agency for the purpose of any extension of credit or other transaction designated by the consumer who is requesting the credit score; or ``is widely distributed to lenders of common consumer loan products and predicts the future credit behavior of the consumer; and''; and in paragraph , by inserting ``, except that a credit score shall be provided free of charge to the consumer if requested in connection with a free annual consumer report described in section 612'' before the period; and in subsection -- by striking subparagraph ; and by redesignating subparagraphs though as subparagraphs through , respectively. Notification Requirements.-- Adverse information notification.--The Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended-- in section 612, by striking subsection and inserting the following: ``Free Disclosure After Notice of Adverse Action or Offer of Credit on Materially Less Favorable Terms.-- ``In general.--Not later than 14 days after the date on which a consumer reporting agency receives a notification under subsection or of section 615, or from a debt collection agency affiliated with the consumer reporting agency, the consumer reporting agency shall make, without charge to the consumer, all disclosures required in accordance with the rules prescribed by the Bureau under section 609. ``Transition period.--After the effective date of the provisions of the Stop Errors in Credit Use and Reporting Act and before the Bureau has finalized the rule required under section 609, a consumer reporting agency that is required to make disclosures under this subsection shall provide to the consumer a copy of the current credit report on the consumer and any other disclosures required under this Act or the Stop Errors in Credit Use and Reporting Act, without charge to the consumer.''; and in section 615-- by redesignating paragraphs , and as paragraphs , , and respectively; by inserting after paragraph the following: ``direct the consumer reporting agency that provided the consumer report used in the decision to take the adverse action to provide the consumer with the disclosures described in section 612;''; and in paragraph , as redesignated by this paragraph-- in the matter preceding subparagraph , by striking ``of the consumer's right''; by striking subparagraph and inserting the following: ``that the consumer will receive a copy of the consumer report on the consumer, free of charge, from the consumer reporting agency that furnished the consumer report; and''; and in subparagraph , by inserting ``of the right of the consumer'' before ``to dispute''. Notification in cases of less favorable terms.--Section 615of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681m) is amended-- in paragraph , by striking ``paragraph '' and inserting ``paragraph ''; in paragraph , by striking ``paragraph '' and inserting ``paragraph ''; in subparagraph , by striking ``may obtain'' and inserting ``will receive'' by redesignating paragraphs , , and as paragraphs , , and , respectively; and by inserting after paragraph the following: ``Reports provided to consumers.--A person who uses a consumer report as described in paragraph shall notify and direct the consumer reporting agency that provided the consumer report to provide the consumer with the disclosures described in section 612.''. Notification of subsequent submissions of negative information.--Section 623of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s-2) by striking ``or customer'' and inserting ``or'' before ``account''. Bureau rule defining certain disclosure requirements.-- Section 609 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681g) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Bureau Rule Defining Certain Disclosure Requirements.-- ``Proposed rule.--Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Stop Errors in Credit Use and Reporting Act, the Bureau shall publish a proposed rule to implement the disclosure requirements described in section 612. ``Considerations.--In formulating the rule required under paragraph , the Bureau shall consider-- ``what information would enable consumers to determine the reasons for which a person took adverse action or offered credit on materially less favorable terms and to verify the accuracy of such information; and ``how to provide the information described in subparagraph while protecting consumer privacy, including procedures to ensure that such information is provided to the consumer at the appropriate address.''. Section 621 of the Federal Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Consumer Reporting Agency Registry.-- ``Establishment of registry.--Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Stop Errors in Credit Use and Reporting Act, the Bureau shall establish 3 publicly available registries of consumer reporting agencies, including-- ``a registry of nationwide consumer reporting agencies as described in section 603; ``a registry of nationwide specialty consumer reporting agencies as defined in section 603; and ``a registry of all other consumer reporting agencies included under subsection 603that are not included under section 603or 603. ``Registration requirement.--All consumer reporting agencies as defined in section 603must register with one of the registries established by the Bureau under this subsection in a timeframe established by the Bureau.''. Study.--Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall undertake a study-- of credit systems in the international credit system with government-administered consumer credit reporting systems; of available information regarding the accuracy of existing government-administered consumer credit reporting systems; to evaluate the feasibility of a national, government- administered consumer credit reporting system; of any consumer benefits that might reasonably be expected to result from a government-administered consumer credit report; and of any costs that might result from a government- administered consumer credit reporting system in the United States. Publication of Findings.--Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall publish the findings under subsection . Except as otherwise provided in this Act and the amendments made by this Act, the provisions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "stop errors in credit use and reporting act" or the "secure act". sec. 2. legal recourse for consumers. (a) injunctive relief. --the fair credit reporting act (15 u.s.c. 1681 et seq. ) is amended-- (1) in section 616-- (a)(a) in subsection (a), by striking " (a" in general. --" and inserting " (b) damages. --"; (b), by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d- and (e), respectively; and (c)(d) by inserting after subsection (b, " (c- and "d-e) as subparagraph (a, "in the event of any successful action against the court, the court may award to the prevailing party costs and reasonable attorney fees (as determined by the court) incurred during the action by such party. ";" and (2) in the section 617-- (b in section (a)) by striking and inserting (a in subsection, "b) injune relief. "; and " (1)(b) " injunty relief." --in addition to any other remedy set forth in this section, a court may order injunded relief to require compliance with the requirements imposed under this title with respect to any consumer. in the event that any lawful action for injunctions under this subsection, the Court may award a court to the minimum party costs, reasonable attorney fee (as decided by the Court) incurred by the plaintiff. --(b) enforcement by federal trade commission. --section 621 (a(a)(2) (a): --" by striking, " " (B) injurctive relief" --"; and (b" in subsection "a) and inserting, "(a) damages." --" in the case of any lawful actions for "a" and "b" injunjail. -- (c, "a, injunced" --(a, and inserting) " " " in the court" and, "In the case, a " (d" and other remedy, the "further action for the requirements" in this title. --"(b) tortunctive Relief. --in the case that injunjunctive relief, "" and (a (b). in the time of any unsuccessful action for " injunactive relief under this, the--the bureau shall provide reports regarding the disputes described in subsection (a)(1) received by consumer reporting agencies in such intervals and to such parties as the bureau deems appropriate. "(2) gathering of information. --the bureau may prescribe rules for the gathering of Information relating to disputes describedIn subsection (b)(1), received by consumers reporting agencies to be used in generating the reports under paragraph (1), including rules establishing-- " (a) the type and format of information that shall be received by the bureau from each consumer reporting agency; and " (b) the frequency of receipt of the information from consumer reporting agents. ". (c) accuracy compliance procedures. --section 607 of the fair credit reporting act (15 u.s.c. 1681e) is amended by striking subsection (2) and inserting the following: " " (B) accuracy of report. -- "(1) in general. --a consumer reporting agent shall follow reasonable procedures when preparing a consumer report to assure maximum possible accuracy of theinformation concerning the individual to whom the consumer report relates. "2) bureau rule to assure minimum possible accuracy. -- " (1) proposed rule. --not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the stop errors in credit use and reporting act, the bureau shall issue a proposed rule establishing the procedures that a consumer reporting Agency must follow to assuremaximum possible accuracy in all consumer reports furnished by the agency in compliance with this subsection. " (2 (a, bureau rule) to assure best possible accuracy, "(b) bureau Rule to assureMaximum Possible accuracy. "(a) proposed Rule. --Not later than one year after, after the expiration of the Stop errors in Credit Use and Reporting act, or the date after the enactment of any other rule establishing a proposed Rule establishing the procedure that a Consumer reporting agency must follow. --(a, a) procedures. -the bureau must issue a propose rule establishing that a "Consumer reporting agency" must follow the procedures to ensure maximum possible inacc of all consumer Reports furnished by a agency in Compliance with this subsections. " "b) considerations. --when formulating the rule required under subparagraph (a), the bureau may consider if requiring the matching of the following information would improve the accuracy of consumer reports: " (i) the first name and last name of a consumer. "-ii) the date and birth of a consumers. " -iii) all 9 digits of the social security number of a student. " “ (iv) any other information(a) by striking subparagraph (c); and (b) by redesignating subparagraphs (d) though (g) and (c) through (f), respectively. (a) notification requirements. -- (1) adverse information notification. --the fair credit reporting act (15 u.s.c. 1681 et seq.) is amended-- (a)(a) in section 612, by striking subsection (b), and inserting the following: " (b)(b) free disclosure after notice of adverse action or offer of credit on materially less favorable terms. -- "(1) in general. --not later than 14 days after the date on which a consumer reporting agency receives a notification under subsection (a(a)(2) or (h)(6) of section 615, or from a debt collection agency affiliated with the consumer, the consumer reporting agencies shall make, without charge to the consumer and all disclosures required in accordance with the rules prescribed by the bureau under section 609(h). "(2) transition period. --after the effective date of the provisions of the stop errors in credit use and reporting act and before the bureau has finalized the rule required under section609(c), a consumer filing agency that is required to make disclosures under this subsection shall provide to the consumers a copy of the current credit report on the consumer. --a copy of credit report required under this act or the stop error in credit uses and reporting acts, without note of the change in the rule prescribed by law. "; and (2) in the period. -after the period of the period on which the bureau's rule required to apply the provisions (stop errors in Credit use and Reporting act and after the Bureau has finalized its rule required Under section 608(h) and the rule requiring under section six09(a), a second notice of change in terms. (3) in paragraph (1), by striking "a) and other disclosures required under the act and any other disclosures provided in section612 (b);"; and (ii) in subparagraph (a), by inserting "of the consumer's right"; (i) by referring to the "others" (2), (3, and (4) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) respectively; (iii) by inserting after paragraph (6) and inserting "paragraph (7)"; (b, direct the consumer to the Consumer reporting agency that provided the consumer report used in the decision to take the adverse action to provide the consumerand reporting act. sec. 5. registries. --under this act, the bureau shall establish 3 publicly available registries of consumer reporting agencies, including-- " (a) a registry of nationwide consumer reporting agency as described in section 603(p); " (b) a registries established by the bureau under this act. " (c) a Registry of nationwide specialty consumers reporting agencies as defined in section603(x); and " (d) a registered of all other consumer reporting organizations included under subsection 603 (f) that are not included under section 604(p) or 603. "(1) registration requirement. --all consumer reporting companies as defined by section 602(f) must register with at least one of the registries set up under this subsection in a timeframe established by a bureau. --at least 18 months after the date of enactment of this act and the period established by this act shall be extended to the date set forth in this subsection and sec. 6. study of a public credit reporting system. (a). study. --not later than 6 months after a date of passage of this Act, the comptroller general of the united states shall undertake a study-- (1) of credit systems in the international credit system with government-administered consumer credit reporting systems; (2) of available information regarding the accuracy of existing government-Administered consumercredit reporting systems, (3) to evaluate the feasibility of a national, government- administered consumer credit trading system; (4) of any consumer benefits that might reasonably be expected to result from a government-managed consumer credit report; and (5) of all costs that might result from the government- administering consumer credit system in the united States. (b). publication of findings. --Not later than 18 months After the dateof enactment of the act, and the comost general of this acts shall publish the findings under subsection (a. sec., sec. 7. effective date. except as otherwise provided in this actand the amendments made by this Act and the provisions of this law and the amendments make by this acts and the amendment made by the amendments to this act will take effect 6 months. exceptas otherwise providedIn this actAnd the amendments are made by these act and this act may take effect six months after you take effect6 months after this date of enact of this bill. exceptAs otherwise providedin this act And the amendments making by this bill, the provisions are made in this bill and this bill shall take effect in the provisions</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6418792605400085</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>59</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Rural Rental Housing Act of 2003''. Congress makes the following findings: There is a pressing and increasing need for rental housing for rural families and senior citizens, as evidenced by the fact that-- two-thirds of extremely low-income and very low-income rural households do not have access to affordable rental housing units; more than 900,000 rural rental households (10.4 percent) live in either severely or moderately inadequate housing; and substandard housing is a problem for 547,000 rural renters, and approximately 165,000 rural rental units are overcrowded. Many rural United States households live with serious housing problems, including a lack of basic water and wastewater services, structural insufficiencies, and overcrowding, as shown by the fact that-- 28 percent, or 10,400,000, rural households in the United States live with some kind of serious housing problem; approximately 1,000,000 rural renters have multiple housing problems; and an estimated 2,600,000 rural households live in substandard housing with severe structural damage or without indoor plumbing, heat, or electricity. In rural America-- one-third of all renters pay more than 30 percent of their income for housing; 20 percent of rural renters pay more than 50 percent of their income for housing; and 92 percent of all rural renters with significant housing problems pay more than 50 percent of their income for housing costs, and 60 percent pay more than 70 percent of their income for housing. Rural economies are often less diverse, and therefore, jobs and economic opportunity are limited because-- factors that exist in rural environments, such as remoteness and low population density, lead to limited access to many forces driving the economy, such as technology, lending, and investment; and local expertise is often limited in rural areas where the economies are focused on farming or natural resource-based industries. Rural areas have less access to credit than metropolitan areas since-- banks and other investors that look for larger projects with lower risk seek metropolitan areas for loans and investment; credit that is available is often insufficient, leading to the need for interim or bridge financing; and credit in rural areas is often more expensive and available at less favorable terms than in metropolitan areas. The Federal Government investment in rural rental housing has dropped during the last 10 years, as evidenced by the fact that-- Federal spending for rural rental housing has been cut by 73 percent since 1994; and rural rental housing unit production financed by the Federal Government has been reduced by 88 percent since 1990. To address the scarcity of rural rental housing, the Federal Government must work in partnership with State and local governments, private financial institutions, private philanthropic institutions, and the private sector, including nonprofit organizations. In this Act: Eligible project.--The term ``eligible project'' means a project for the acquisition, rehabilitation, or construction of rental housing and related facilities in an eligible rural area for occupancy by low-income families. Eligible rural area.--The term ``eligible rural area'' means a rural area with a population of not more than 25,000, as determined by the most recent decennial census of the United States, and that is located outside an urbanized area. Eligible sponsor.--The term ``eligible sponsor'' means a public agency, an Indian tribe, a for-profit corporation, or a private nonprofit corporation-- a purpose of which is planning, developing, or managing housing or community development projects in rural areas; and that has a record of accomplishment in housing or community development and meets other criteria established by the Secretary by regulation. Low-income families.--The term ``low-income families'' has the meaning given the term in section 3of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a). Qualified intermediary.--The term ``qualified intermediary'' means a State, a State agency designated by the Governor of the State, a public instrumentality of the State, a private nonprofit community development corporation, a nonprofit housing corporation, a community development loan fund, or a community development credit union, that-- has a record of providing technical and financial assistance for housing and community development activities in rural areas; and has a demonstrated technical and financial capacity to administer assistance made available under this Act. Secretary.--The term ``Secretary'' means the Secretary of Agriculture. State.--The term ``State'' means each of the several States of the United States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, the Trust Territories of the Pacific, and any other possession of the United States. In General.--The Secretary may, directly or through 1 or more qualified intermediaries in accordance with section 5, make assistance available to eligible sponsors in the form of loans, grants, interest subsidies, annuities, and other forms of financing assistance, to finance the eligible projects. Applications.-- In general.--To be eligible to receive assistance under this section, an eligible sponsor shall submit to the Secretary, or a qualified intermediary, an application in such form and containing such information as the Secretary shall require by regulation. Affordability restriction.--Each application under this subsection shall include a certification by the applicant that the housing to be acquired, rehabilitated, or constructed with assistance under this section will remain affordable for low- income families for not less than 30 years. Priority for Assistance.--In selecting among applicants for assistance under this section, the Secretary, or a qualified intermediary, shall give priority to providing assistance to eligible projects-- for very low-income families (as defined in section 3of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a); and in low-income communities or in communities with a severe lack of affordable rental housing, in eligible rural areas, as determined by the Secretary; or if the applications are submitted by public agencies, Indian tribes, private nonprofit corporations or limited dividend corporations in which the general partner is a non- profit entity whose principal purposes include planning, developing and managing low-income housing and community development projects. Allocation of Assistance.-- In general.--In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall allocate assistance among the States, taking into account the incidence of rural substandard housing and rural poverty in each State and the share of that State of the national total of such incidence. Small state minimum.--In making an allocation under paragraph , the Secretary shall provide each state an amount not less than $2,000,000. Limitations on Amount of Assistance.-- In general.--Except as provided in paragraph , assistance made available under this Act may not exceed 50 percent of the total cost of the eligible project. Exception.--Assistance authorized under this Act shall not exceed 75 percent of the total cost of the eligible project, if the project is for the acquisition, rehabilitation, or construction of not more than 20 rental housing units for use by very low-income families. In General.--The Secretary may delegate authority for distribution of assistance-- to one or more qualified intermediaries in the State; and for a period of not more than 3 years, at which time that delegation of authority shall be subject to renewal, in the discretion of the Secretary, for 1 or more additional periods of not more than 3 years. Solicitation.-- In general.--The Secretary may, in the discretion of the Secretary, solicit applications from qualified intermediaries for a delegation of authority under this section. Contents of application.--Each application under this subsection shall include-- a certification that the applicant will-- provide matching funds from sources other than this Act in an amount that is not less than the amount of assistance provided to the applicant under this section; and distribute assistance to eligible sponsors in the State in accordance with section 4; and a description of-- the State or the area within a State to be served; the incidence of poverty and substandard housing in the State or area to be served; the technical and financial qualifications of the applicant; and the assistance sought and a proposed plan for the distribution of such assistance in accordance with section 4. Multistate applications.--The Secretary may, in the discretion of the Secretary, seek application by qualified intermediaries for more than 1 State. There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2004 through 2008."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "rural rental housing act of 2003". sec. 2. findings. congress makes the following findings: (1) there is a pressing and increasing need for rental housing for rural families and senior citizens, as evidenced by the fact that-- (a) two-thirds of extremely low-income and very low- income rural households do not have access to affordable rental housing units; (b) more than 900,000 rural rental households (10.4 percent) live in either severely or moderately inadequate housing; and (c) substandard housing is a problem for 547,000, rural renters, and approximately 165,000 Rural rental units are overcrowded. (2) many rural united states households live with serious housing problems, including a lack of basic water and wastewater services, structural insufficiencies, and overcrowding, as shown by the much that-- 1,828,000 (10,400,000) rural households in the united states live with some kind of serious housing problem; (a, 28 percent, or 10,400.000, urban households in rural states live in substandard accommodation; and approximately 2,000 to 3,600 rural renters have multiple housing problems. (c), many ruralunited states households are often poor, and therefore, they live with severe housing problems; (3) in rural america-- (1-third of all renters pay more than 30 percent of their income for housing; (2-3-3,400-000, and rural households are poor, or without indoor plumbing, heat, or electricity. (3-4) in the United States, there are a number of housing problems that are common. (1), there are many rural households with significant housing problems: (2,818,000), and (3,000-1,600,000). (3), there is an estimated 2,600-1.1 million rural households live in poor housing. (4) there are very few rural rental housing in rural America-- one-third to all renters, such as remoteness and low population density, lead to limited access to many forces driving the economy, suchas rural renters pay less than 50 percent of the income for Housing; (c, 20 percent of rural renters and (d) 92 percent of all rural renters are significant housing costs, and 60 percent pay more. (5) rural economies are often less diverse, and thus, jobs and economic opportunity are--the term "low-income families" has the meaning given the term in section 3 (b) of the united states housing act of 1937 (42 u.s.c. 1437a (b)). (5) qualified intermediary. -- the term "qualified intermediary" means a state, a state agency designated by the governor of the state or a public instrumentality of the State, a private nonprofit community development corporation, a nonprofit housing corporation, or a community development credit union, that-- (a) has a record of providing technical and financial assistance for housing and community development activities in rural areas; and (b). (c) has demonstrated technical and technical capacity to administer assistance made available under this act. (6) secretary. --the term is the secretary of agriculture. (7) state. --a secretary may, directly or through 1 or more qualified intermediaries in accordance with section 5, make assistance available to eligible sponsors in the form of loans, grants, interest subsidies, annuities, and other forms of financing assistance, to finance the eligible projects. sec. 3. state. (a.a) in general. --as the term is used in the United States of America, the commonwealth of the northern mariana islands, the district of columbia, the eastern pacific islands, american samoa, the trust territories of the pacific, and any other possession of the continental United States. (2) state government. (3) states. (4) state, state agency. (b.a, state agencies, indian tribes, the indian tribal, india tribes, indias, indiana tribes, and indias) sec. 4. rural rental housing assistance. -- (a, in general, the secretary may. --each application under this subsection shall include a certification by the applicant that the housing to be acquired, rehabilitated, or constructed with assistance under this section will remain affordable for low- income families for not less than 30 years. (c). priority for assistance. —in selecting among applicants for assistance under the section, the Secretary, or qualified intermediary, shall give priority to providing assistance to eligible projects-- (1) for very low-income communities (as defined in section 2 (b), in low-cost communities or in communities with a severe lack of affordable rental housing, in eligible rural areas, as determined by the secretary; or (3). (4. application in such form and containing such information as the secretary shall require by regulation.the discretion of the secretary, for 1 or more additional periods of not more than 3 years. (b) solicitation. -- (1) in general. --the secretary may, in the discretion ofthe secretary, solicit applications from qualified intermediaries for a delegation of authority under this section. (2) contents of application. --each application under this subsection shall include-- (a) a certification that the applicant will-- (i) provide matching funds from sources other than this act in an amount that is not less than the amount of assistance provided to the applicant under this period; and (ii) distribute assistance to eligible sponsors in the state in accordance with section 4; and— (b- a description of-- (c) the state or the area within a state to be served; (ii- the incidence of poverty and substandard housing in the city or area to be serv; (iii) the technical and financial qualifications of the applicant; and a proposed plan for the distribution of such assistance in accordance. (3) multistate applications. --(a) an application by the secretary for more than 1 state. sec. 6. authorization of appropriations. there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this act $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2004 through 2008. $250 for the assistance sought and a propose plan for a distribution of the assistance in addition to section 4. (a.b) multilateral applications. -the secretary and the secretary may., in the determination of the Secretary, seek application by qualified intermediary for more or 1 state and sec. 7. authorization. -- the secretary of appropriations is authorized, and there is authorization to be enacted to carry Out this act. $ 250,000 $000 for the year of fiscal year 2004 through 2016. $750,000 in fiscal years 2008.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6558104157447815</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>60</ROW><BILL>"Short Title.--This Act may be cited as the ``Telecommunications Economic Opportunity Act of 1995''. Findings.--The Congress finds the following: It is in the public interest for business enterprises owned by minorities and women to participate in procurement contracts of all providers of telecommunications services. The opportunity for full participation in our free enterprise system by business enterprises that are owned by minorities and women is essential if this Nation is to attain social and economic equality for those businesses and improve the functioning of the national economy. It is in this Nation's interest to expeditiously improve the economically disadvantaged position of business enterprises that are owned by minorities and women. The position of these businesses can be improved through the development by the providers of telecommunications services of substantial long-range and annual goals, which are supported by training and technical assistance, for the purchase, to the maximum practicable extent, of technology, equipment, supplies, services, material and construction from minority business enterprises. Procurement policies which include participation of business enterprises that are owned by minorities and women also benefit the communication industry and its consumers by encouraging the expansion of the numbers of suppliers for procurement, thereby encouraging competition among suppliers and promoting economic efficiency in the process. The purposes of this Act are-- to encourage and foster greater economic opportunity for business enterprises that are owned by minorities and women; to promote competition among suppliers to providers of telecommunications services and their affiliates to enhance economic efficiency in the procurement of telephone corporation contracts and contracts of their State commission-regulated subsidiaries and affiliates; to clarify and expand a program for the procurement by State and federally-regulated telephone companies of technology, equipment, supplies, services, materials and construction work from business enterprises that are owned by minorities and women; and to ensure that a fair proportion of the total purchases, contracts, and subcontracts for supplies, commodities, technology, property, and services offered by the providers of telecommunications services and their affiliates are awarded to minority and women business enterprises. Annual Plans Required.-- In general.--The Commission shall require each provider of telecommunications services to submit annually a detailed and verifiable plan for increasing its procurement from business enterprises that are owned by minorities or women in all categories of procurement in which minorities are under represented. Contents of plans.--The annual plans required by paragraph shall include (but not be limited to) short- and long-term progressive goals and timetables, technical assistance, and training and shall, in addition to goals for direct contracting opportunities, include methods for encouraging both prime contractors and grantees to engage business enterprises that are owned by minorities and women in subcontracts in all categories in which minorities are under represented. Implementation report.--Each provider of telecommunications services shall furnish an annual report to the Commission regarding the implementation of programs established pursuant to this Act in such form as the Commission shall require, and at such time as the Commission shall annually designate. Report to congress.--The Commission shall provide an annual report to Congress, beginning in January 1996, on the progress of activities undertaken by each provider of telecommunications services regarding the implementation of activities pursuant to this Act to develop business enterprises that are owned by minorities or women. The report shall evaluate the accomplishments under this Act and shall recommend a program for enhancing the policy declared in this Act, together with such recommendations for legislation as it deems necessary or desirable to further that policy. Regulations and Criteria for Determining Eligibility of Minority Business Enterprises for Procurement Contracts.-- In general.--The Commission shall establish regulations for implementing programs pursuant to this Act that will govern providers of telecommunications services and their affiliates. Verifying criteria.--The Commission shall develop and publish regulations setting forth criteria for verifying and determining the eligibility of business enterprises that are owned by minorities or women for procurement contracts. Outreach.--The Commission's regulations shall require each provider of telecommunications services and its affiliates to develop and to implement an outreach program to inform and recruit business enterprises that are owned by minorities or women to apply for procurement contracts under this Act. Enforcement.--The Commission shall establish and promulgate such regulations necessary to enforce the provisions of this Act. Waiver Authority.--The requirements of this section may be waived, in whole or in part, by the Commission with respect to a particular contract or subcontract in accordance with guidelines set forth in regulations which the Commission shall prescribe when it determines that the application of such regulations prove to result in undue hardship or unreasonable expense to a provider of telecommunications services. False Representation of Businesses; Sanctions.-- In general.--Any person or corporation, through its directors, officers, or agent, which falsely represents the business as a business enterprise that is owned by minorities or women in the procurement or attempt to procure contracts from telephone operating companies and their affiliates pursuant to this article, shall be punished by a fine of not more than $5,000, or by imprisonment for a period not to exceed 5 years of its directors, officers, or agents responsible for the false statements, or by both fine and imprisonment. Holding companies.--Any provider of telecommunications services which falsely represents its annual report to the Commission or its implementation of its programs pursuant to this section shall be subject to a fine of $100,000 and be subject to a penalty of up to 5 years restriction from participation in lines of business activities provided for in this Act. Independent Cause of Action, Remedies, and Attorney Fees.-- Discrimination prohibited.--No otherwise qualified business enterprise that is owned by minorities or women shall solely, by reason of its racial, ethnic, or gender composition be excluded from the participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination in procuring contracts from telephone utilities. Civil actions authorized.--Whenever a qualified business enterprise that is owned by minorities or women has reasonable cause to believe that a provider of telecommunications services or its affiliate is engaged in a pattern or practice of resistance to the full compliance of any provision of this Act, the business enterprise may bring a civil action in the appropriate district court of the United States against the provider of telecommunications services or its affiliate requesting such monetary or injunctive relief, or both, as deemed necessary to ensure the full benefits of this Act. Attorneys' fees and costs.--In any action or proceeding to enforce or charge of a violation of a provision of this Act, the court, in its discretion, may allow the prevailing party reasonable attorneys' fees and costs. For the purpose of this Act, the following definitions apply: The term ``business enterprise owned by minorities or women'' means-- a business enterprise that is at least 51 percent owned by a person or persons who are minority persons or women; or in the case of any publicly owned business, at least 51 percent of the stock of which is owned by one or more persons who are minority persons or women, and whose management and daily business operations are controlled by one or more of those persons. The term ``minority person'' means persons who are Black Americans, Hispanic Americans, Native Americans, Asian Americans, and Pacific Americans. The term ``control'' means exercising the power to make financial and policy decisions. The term ``operate'' means the active involvement in the day-to-day management of the business and not merely being officers or directors. The term ``Commission'' means the Federal Communications Commission. The term ``telecommunications service'' means the offering, on a common carrier basis, of telecommunications facilities, or of telecommunications by means of such facilities. Such term does not include an information service."</BILL><SUMMARY>section. 1. short title; findings. (a) short title. --this act may be cited as the "telecommunications economic opportunity act of 1995". (b) findings. --the congress finds the following: (1) it is in the public interest for business enterprises owned by minorities and women to participate in procurement contracts of all providers of telecommunications services. (2) the opportunity for full participation in our free enterprise system by business enterprises that are owned by minority and women is essential if this nation is to attain social and economic equality for those businesses and improve the functioning of the national economy. (3) the congress finds that the opportunity to expeditiously improve the economically disadvantaged position of business enterprises, including minority business enterprises and their affiliates. (4) the position of these businesses can be improved through the development by the providers of telephone services of substantial long-range and annual goals, which are supported by training and technical assistance, for the purchase, to the maximum practicable extent, of technology, equipment, supplies, services, material and construction from minority business enterprise. (5) it will be in this nation's interest to expedite the development of the procurement policies of the telecommunications services of all telecommunications services and their affiliated entities. (6) the positions of these business enterprises can be enhanced through the implementation of the development and development by these providers of the providers' procurement policies. (7) the commission shall establish and publish a list of proposals for the procurement of telephone corporation contracts and contracts of minority business organizations. (8) procurement policies which include participation of business organizations that areowned by minorities or women also benefit the communication industry and its consumers by encouraging the expansion of the numbers of suppliers for procurement, thereby encouraging competition among suppliers and promoting economic efficiency in the process. sec. 2. purpose. the purposes of this act are-- (1 (1)(a) to encourage and foster greater economic opportunity for business enterprise that are used by minorities, women; (2( to promote competition among supplier to providers of communications services and its affiliates to enhance economic efficiency and the procurement among suppliers to provide services); (2)(a)(b) to promote and foster economic opportunity in the procurement by the telecommunications service providers of various categories of telecommunications service; (c) to clarify and expand a program for the purchasing by state and federally-regulated telephone companies of information technology and telecommunications services; (d) to provide a fair proportion of the total purchases, contracts, and subcontracts for supplies, commodities, technology, property, and services offered by the(4) enforcement. --the commission shall establish and promulgate such regulations necessary to enforce the provisions of this act. (c) waiver authority. -- the requirements of this section may be waived, in whole or in part, by the commission with respect to a particular contract or subcontract in accordance with guidelines set forth in regulations which the commission shall prescribe when it determines that the application of such regulations prove to result in undue hardship or unreasonable expense to a provider of telecommunications services. sec. 4. sanctions and remedies. (a) false representation of businesses; sanctions. -- (1) in general. --any person or corporation, through its directors, officers, or agent, which falsely represents the business as a business enterprise that is owned by minorities or women in the procurement or attempt to procure contracts from telephone operating companies and their affiliates pursuant to this article, shall be punished by a fine of not more than $5,000, or by imprisonment for a period not to exceed 5 years of its directors and officers, and by both fine and imprisonment. (2) holding companies. —any provider of information services which falsely represent the business or corporation that falsely represents its business as being owned by minority or women, or in the business enterprise, which false represents its annual report to the commission or its implementation of its programs pursuant to these section, or be subject to a penalty of up to 5 years restriction from participation in lines of business activities provided for in this act and by imprisonment; or by the imprisonment of its director, officer, or agents responsible for the false statements, or for both fine, imprisonment. or by both fines and imprisonment, or both fine. sec., 5. discrimination prohibited. --no otherwise qualified business enterprise or its affiliate shall solely, by reason of its racial, ethnic, or gender composition be excluded from the participation in, be denied the benefits of, or of its participation in procuring contracts from tele utilities. (1). civil actions authorized. --whenever a qualified business enterprises that isowned by minorities and women has reasonable cause to believe that a provider or its affiliates is engaged in a pattern or practice of resistance to the full compliance of any provision of this Act. (b) independent cause of action, remedies, and attorney fees. --in any action or proceeding to enforce or charge of a violation of a provision of a law, the court, in its discretion, may allow the prevailing party reasonable attorneys' fees and costs. --a qualified business entity that is not qualified to participate in or be denied discrimination in proc</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6301357746124268</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>61</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``RCAF/RAF-Americans Congressional Gold Medal Act''. Congress finds the following: Europe was at war before the end of 1939. England and her British Commonwealth of Nations, which included the Dominion of Canada, were warring with Nazi Germany. Early in World War II the Royal Canadian Air Force needed large numbers of pilots and the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan made Canada a center for aircrew training. Approximately 8,864 Americans volunteered to join the RCAF beginning as early as 1940 and continuing throughout World War II. These RCAF-Americans came from every state in the Union. Many of the RCAF-Americans were urgently needed as flying instructors and helped to fully staff the BCATP operations. Approximately 750 Americans (244 with the highly regarded Eagle Squadrons) also served in Great Britain with the RAF. The Eagle Squadrons served from February, 1941, until September, 1942, and provided the British welcome relief from the stress of losing large numbers of combat pilots. President Franklin Roosevelt called the BCATP the ``Aerodrome Of Democracy''. Canadian Prime Minister Mackenzie King, General Dwight Eisenhower, and British Prime Minister Winston Churchill, all expressed their gratitude to the United States men and women who took part in the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan. Approximately 3,794 Americans transferred to the U.S. Army Air Force after the attack on Pearl Harbor. The 3 Eagle Squadrons (No.71/No.121/No.133), transferred into the 4th Fighter Group, USAAF in September 1942. The transfer of these courageous RCAF/RAF-Americans helped prevent a shortage of experienced airmen in the aftermath of America's entry into the war. Many of these highly trained and experienced RCAF/RAF- Americans pilots performed crucial roles as flight instructors for the USAAF. The accumulated knowledge and skills possessed by these RCAF/RAF-American airmen resulted in many becoming highly accomplished USAAF combat pilots. One of the most highly decorated military groups, the American Fighter Aces, can count many of these RCAF/RAF- Americans among their venerable ranks. These brave Americans left their families to join the RCAF/RAF and over 800 lost their lives while serving. They represent the exceptional courage that has been displayed in the defense of Freedom throughout our Nation's history. Presentation Authorized.--The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the presentation, on behalf of the Congress, of a single gold medal of appropriate design in commemoration of all U.S. nationals who joined the Royal Canadian Air Force or the Royal Air Force during World War II, both before and after Japan's attack on Pearl Harbor, in recognition of their contributions to the Nation. Design and Striking.--For purposes of the presentation referred to in subsection , the Secretary of the Treasury (referred to in this Act as the ``Secretary'') shall strike a gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary. Smithsonian Institution.-- In general.--Following the award of the gold medal under subsection , the gold medal shall be given to the Smithsonian Institution, where it will be available for display as appropriate and available for research. Sense of congress.--It is the sense of the Congress that the Smithsonian Institution should make the gold medal awarded pursuant to this Act available for display elsewhere, particularly at appropriate locations associated with the U.S. nationals described under subsection , and that preference should be given to locations affiliated with the Smithsonian Institution. The Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck pursuant to section 3 under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, at a price sufficient to cover the cost thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses, and the cost of the gold medal. National Medals.--The medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. Numismatic Items.--For purposes of section 5134 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "rcaf/raf-americans congressional gold medal act". sec. 2. findings. congress finds the following: (1) europe was at war before the end of 1939. england and her british commonwealth of nations, which included the dominion of canada, were warring with nazi germany. (2) early in world war ii the royal canadian air force (rcaf) needed large numbers of pilots and the britus commonwealth air training plan (bcatp) made canada a center for aircrew training. (3) approximately 8,864 americans volunteered to join the rcaf beginning as early as 1940 and continuing throughout world war i. these rcaf-american came from every state in the union. (4) many of the rcaff-america were urgently needed as flying instructors and helped to fully staff the bcatp operations. (5) approximately 750 americans (244 with the highly regarded eagle squadrons) also served in great britain with the raf. the eagle squads served from february, 1941, until september, 1942, and provided the brawlers with the necessary training and the ability to fully support the bcp operations in the aftermath of the attack on pearl harbor. (6) the bcraf- americans served in the boston air force during the war ii. (7) approximately 7,890 americans also served with the high regarded eagle squads. (8) approximately 800 americans and americans, also served as flying instructor and pilots. (9) approximately 1,000 americans serve in the american air force. (10) approximately 3,794 americans transferred to the u.s. army air force, the b brits. air force and the royal air force in the war iii. (11) americaans served as flight instructors for the "aerodrome of democracy". canadian prime minister mackenzie king, general dwight eisenhower, and britished prime minister winston churchill, all expressed their gratitude to the united states men and women who took part in the raucaf. (12) american fighter aces, can count many of these rcaff/raf, americans among their venerable ranks. (13) approximately 4,794 republicans transferred from the uaaf and transferred into the royal canton air force after the attack</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5403398275375366</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>62</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Appalachian Regional Commission Reform Act''. Headquarters.--Congress finds that-- regional commissions, such as the Delta Regional Authority, the Denali Commission, and the Northern Border Regional Commission, are each headquartered in their respective region; headquartering regional commissions within the region affected is a sensible approach to ensure that the commissions are housed in more affordable locations than the District of Columbia, thereby reducing administrative overhead and making the commissions closer and more accountable to the people the commissions were designed to serve; the Appalachian Regional Commission (referred to in this Act as the ``Commission'') is not headquartered in Appalachia but in Washington, DC; and the headquarters of the Commission should be relocated from the District of Columbia to a more affordable location in the Appalachian region so that it is closer and more accountable to the people the Commission was designed to serve. Performance.--Congress finds that-- the Commission was created to help foster economic opportunity and close health and educational disparities in a geographic region of the United States beleaguered by persistent poverty and high unemployment; the Commission remains the sole Federal agency focused singularly on economic revitalization in the Appalachian region; in 1998, Congress charged the Commission with ``address[ing] the needs of severely and persistently distressed areas of the Appalachian region and focus[ing] special attention on the areas of greatest need''; the Commission has long been criticized for its shortcomings in fulfilling this mission, including in-- a 1999 study titled ``Mountain Money: Federal Tax Dollars Miss the Mark in Core Appalachia'' by Mark Ferenchik and Jill Ripenhoff for the Columbus Dispatch; and a 2008 book titled ``Uneven Ground: Appalachia Since 1945'' by Ronald D. Eller; in 2004, the Office of Management and Budget noted the importance of the Commission ``[f]ocusing efforts on . . . targeting assistance to areas of distress''; in 2017, Citizens Against Government Waste characterized the programming of the Commission as duplicative and called for drastic reductions in the budget of the Commission; in 2017, the Office of Management and Budget, citing a Government Accountability Office study, concluded that the Commission should be abolished, and that conclusion was reflected in the fiscal year 2018 budget request submitted by the President; these recent actions reflect a growing chorus that the Commission should be reformed; and therefore, given the long-recognized shortcomings of the Commission, the long-standing criticism of the Commission, and the need to ensure its optimal performance, the time has arrived for the Commission to be reformed. Persistent Poverty.--Congress finds that-- using 1960 data, the Commission (which was created in 1965) concluded that there were 214 distressed counties in the Appalachian region; in 2017, according to the Commission, there are 84 distressed counties in the Appalachian region, reflecting the areas of most persistent poverty in the region; and therefore, the Commission should be reformed to focus its attention on the areas of most persistent poverty in the region. Area Development Funding for Distressed Counties.--Congress finds that-- according to the study by the Columbus Dispatch referred to in subsection , of the 22,169 grants issued by the Commission from fiscal year 1966 through fiscal year 1998, none of the 5 counties that received the most Commission funding was considered distressed, and more than \1/ 4\ of all Commission spending during that period went to States with few, if any, distressed counties; according to author Ronald D. Eller in 2014, ``[the Commission] policies have concentrated resources in a select few `growth centers' in the [Appalachian] region, expanding services to the poor and growing the mountain middle class, but doing little to alter conditions in the most rural distressed counties or to address systemic political or economic inequalities throughout Appalachia''; until 1995, the Commission allocated up to 20 percent of its area development grants for use in distressed counties; following instructions given to the Commission by the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives in 1995, this allocation was increased by the Commission to 30 percent; section 7.5of the Code of the Commission (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act) reflects this 1995 policy change and states that the Commission ``will allocate up to 30 percent of Commission area development funds for use in distressed counties'', even though, according to the Commission's public representations, economic conditions in distressed areas of the Appalachian region have not greatly improved since the 1960s; given the persistent levels of poverty in the distressed counties in the Appalachian region, more area development funding and emphasis should be devoted to those counties; and therefore, the allocation described in paragraph should be increased to 60 percent. Grant Expenditures.--Congress finds that-- section 14524of title 40, United States Code, provides that ``not less than 50 percent of the amount of grant expenditures the Commission approves shall support activities or projects that benefit severely and persistently distressed counties and areas''; given the persistent levels of poverty in the distressed counties in the Appalachian region, more grant expenditures and emphasis should be devoted to those counties; and therefore, the 50 percent threshold in section 14524of title 40, United States Code, should be increased to 60 percent. Section 14301 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection and inserting the following: ``Establishment and Mission.-- ``Establishment.--There is an Appalachian Regional Commission (referred to in this chapter as the `Commission'). ``Mission.--The mission of the Commission shall be to focus primarily on poverty reduction and economic development in areas in the Appalachian region with the most persistent poverty.''. In General.--Section 14301 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Headquarters.--The headquarters of the Commission shall be located in the Appalachian region.''. Implementation.--The Federal Cochairman of the Commission shall take such actions as may be necessary to carry out the amendment made by subsection . Section 14524of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ``50 percent'' and inserting ``60 percent''. Section 14526of title 40, United States Code, is amended-- by striking ``In program and'' and inserting the following: ``In general.--In program and''; and by adding at the end the following: ``Area development funds.-- ``In general.--Of the funds made available for each fiscal year for the Area Development Program of the Commission, the Commission shall allocate not less than 60 percent for projects in counties for which a distressed county designation is in effect under this section. ``Methodology.--The methodology for determining whether a county is designated as a distressed county under subsection shall be the methodology in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Appalachian Regional Commission Reform Act. ``Report.--The Commission shall submit an annual report that describes the allocation of funds, in dollar amounts and percentage of total appropriations, for the Area Development Program to counties described in paragraph to-- ``the Speaker of the House of Representatives; ``the minority leader of the House of Representatives; ``the majority leader of the Senate; ``the minority leader of the Senate; ``the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; ``the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; ``the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and ``the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate.''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "appalachian regional commission reform act". sec. 2. findings. (a) headquarters. --congress finds that-- (1) regional commissions, such as the delta regional authority, the denali commission, and the northern border regional commission, are each headquartered in their respective region; (2) headquartering regional commissions within the region affected is a sensible approach to ensure that the commissions are housed in more affordable locations than the district of columbia, thereby reducing administrative overhead and making the commissions closer and more accountable to the people the commissions were designed to serve; (3) the appalachian region (referred to in this act as the 'commission") is not headquartered in appalachia but in washington, dc; and (4) the headquarters of the commission should be relocated from the district to a more affordable location in the appalian region so that it is closer and less accountable to those people the commission was designed to serving. (b) performance. (c) performance, and (d) the commission's performance is a reflection of the needs of the people it serves. (e) performance and the commission is not the sole federal agency focused singularly on economic revitalization in the region. (f) performance is the only federal agency dedicated singularly to economic revitalizing in the area; (e, the commission remains the sole Federal agency focused solely on Economic revitalization and close health and educational disparities in a geographic region of the united states beleaguered by persistent poverty and high unemployment; (f), the commission has long been criticized for its shortcomings in fulfilling this mission, including in the following:-- (a, the Commission was created in 1966 to help foster economic opportunity and close the gap between the nation's greatest and most persistently distressed areas of the region, and that conclusion was reflected in a 1999 study titled "mountain money: federal tax dollars miss the mark in core appalachias" by mark ferenchik and jill ripenhoff for the columbus dispatch; (b, the columus dispatch, and "a 2008 book titled "uneven ground: appalachians since 1945" by ronald d. eller; (5) in 2004, the office of management and budget noted the importance of the Commission "[f]ocusing efforts on . . . targeting assistance to areas of distress"; (6) in 2017, the Office of Management and budget, citing a government accountabilityservices to the poor and growing the mountain middle class, but doing little to alter conditions in the most rural distressed counties or to address systemic political or economic inequalities throughout appalachia"; (3) until 1995, the commission allocated up to 20 percent of its area development grants for use in distressed counties; (4) following instructions given to the commission by the committees on appropriations of the senate and the house of representatives in 1995, this allocation was increased by the commission to 30 percent; (5) section 7.5 (c) of the code of the commission (as in effect on the date of enactment of this act) reflects this 1995 policy change and states that the commission "will allocate up to 60 percent of commission area development funds for use for distressed counties", even though, according to the Commission's public representations, economic conditions in distressed areas of the appalachian region have not greatly improved since the 1960s; (6) given the persistent levels of poverty in the distressed counties in the app Appalachian region, more area development funding and emphasis should be devoted to those counties; and (7) therefore, the allocation described in paragraph (3), should be increased to 60%. (e) grant expenditures. --congress finds that-- (1) section 14524 (d) of title 40, united states code, provides that "not less than 50 percent of the amount of grant expenditures the commission approves shall support activities or projects that benefit severely and persistently distressed counties and areas"; (2) given that the persistent level of poverty and the distressed county in the area development and emphasis regarding the allocation of those counties, more grant expenditures and the allocation should be dedicated to those county; and, (7" therefore,the allocation describedIn paragraph (2). (3). 50 percent. (a) grant payments. sec. 3. mission of the state commission. section 14525 (d)( title 40) of titles 40,united states code. section 14301 of title 50, united States code, is amended by striking subsection (a), "not not less than 60 percent" and inserting the following: " (a, "a) establishment. --there is an appalachic regional commission. --the commission shall be to focus primarily on poverty reduction and economic development in areas in the state with the most persistent poverty. ". (a. --a) the 50 percent threshold in section 145 24 (d). sec. 5. mission. section 1524 (b) of Title 40, divided states code is amended." (a) the speaker of the house of representatives; " (b) the minority leader of the country of representatives, " (c) the majority leader of a senate; " " (d) the Senate; " "(e) the committee on appropriations of the House of representatives and " (f) the committees on transportation and infrastructure of the houses of representatives. ". ". ". " (a, the speaker and the minority Leader of the senate; ". ". (b, the majority Leader of a Senate;</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6408480405807495</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>63</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``New Aid for Trustworthy, Affordable Drugs Act (NAFTA Drugs Act)''. COUNTRIES FROM OTHER NAFTA COUNTRIES. Section 803 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 383) is amended by adding at the end the following subsection: ``Consistent with the North American Free Trade Agreement approved by the Congress under section 101of Public Law 103-182 (referred to in this subsection as `NAFTA'), the United States Trade Representative shall seek to enter into agreements with other NAFTA countries to harmonize regulatory requirements for drugs such that drugs approved for commercial distribution in any NAFTA country may be imported or exported from any NAFTA country into any NAFTA country. ``The United States Trade Representative shall carry out this subsection in consultation with the Secretary and the Commissioner of Food and Drugs. ``The United States Trade Representative may enter into a harmonization agreement under paragraph only if such Representative determines as follows: ``That the proposed agreement provides for regulatory standards for drugs that are consistent with the requirements of this Act. ``That the proposed agreement provides for-- ``the display of a seal on the labeling of the drugs involved, whose purpose is to indicate that the drugs meet the standards of the harmonization agreement and may be imported as provided in paragraph ; ``uniform standards applicable to the display of such a seal in any NAFTA country; and ``approval of such a seal by the appropriate health authority in any NAFTA country before the display of the seal in that country, for the purpose of ensuring that the seal complies with the uniform standards described in clause . ``That the proposed agreement provides that a drug may not be imported into a NAFTA country from another NAFTA country unless the labeling of the drug bears a seal described in subparagraph . ``That the proposed agreement provides for a system of unique tracking numbers to indicate-- ``the manufacturer of the drug involved, the NAFTA country of origin, and the wholesale distributors of the drug; and ``in the case of a prescription drug, the pharmacy that dispenses the drug. ``That the proposed agreement provides for-- ``the placement of a seal described in subparagraph on the labeling of a drug only by a pharmacy registered in accordance with this subparagraph; ``registration of pharmacies in each NAFTA country by the appropriate health authority in each such country for the purpose of authorizing such pharmacies to place a seal described in subparagraph on the labeling of drugs; and ``uniform standards applicable to such registration. ``That the proposed agreement-- ``requires drug manufacturers to reimburse the Secretary of Health and Human Services for benefits derived by such manufacturers from research performed by the National Institutes of Health; and ``authorizes use of such reimbursement to pay the expenses incurred by the Food and Drug Administration in approving seals under subparagraph and registering pharmacies under subparagraph . ``That the proposed agreement prohibits any discrimination by any person in the manufacture, distribution, or sale of any drug that bears a seal described in subparagraph , on the basis of a prospective customer's citizenship or residency in a NAFTA country, or on the basis of a request for shipment of the drug to any NAFTA country. ``The authority of the United States Trade Representative to enter a harmonization agreement under paragraph terminates one year after the date of the enactment of New Aid for Trustworthy, Affordable Drugs Act (NAFTA Drugs Act). ``For purposes of this subsection, the term `NAFTA country' means each of the United States, Canada, and the United Mexican States-- ``for such time as NAFTA is in force with respect to such country; and ``in the case of each of Canada and the United Mexican States, for such time as the United States applies NAFTA to such country.''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "new aid for trustworthy, affordable drugs act (nafta drugs act)". sec. 2. harmonization of drug laws regarding importation into nafta countries from other naftas countries. section 803 of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act (21 u.s.c. 383) is amended by adding at the end the following subsection: "(d)(1) consistent with the north american free trade agreement approved by the congress under section 101 (a) of public law 103-182 (referred to in this subsection as 'naft''), the united states trade representative shall seek to enter into agreements with other nations to harmonize regulatory requirements for drugs such that drugs approved for commercial distribution in any naftan country may be imported or exported from any navela country into any naftsa country. "(2) the united States trade representative may carry out this subsection in consultation with the secretary and the commissioner of food and drugs. "(3) the member states trade representatives may enter into a harmonization agreement under paragraph (1) only if such representative determines as follows: " (a)(1)(a) that the proposed agreement provides for regulatory standards for drugs that are consistent with requirements of this act. " (b) the United states trade Representative shall carry out the same procedure as the secretary of food, drugs, or the commissioner and the secretary. "(c) the union states trade delegate shall carry the same procedures as the secretaries and the commissioners of food. "(d) the executive secretary and a commissioner of health and drugs; " (c) and the executive director and the Commissioner of food & drugs; and " (d) a harmonizing agreement with the national institutes of health, drug and cosmetic, and the United States Trade Representative shall enter into the harmonization agreements with the member nations. "(a) the proposed agreements provide for-- " (i) uniform standards applicable to the display of such a seal in any Nafta country; and (ii) the appropriate health authority in each such country for the purpose of authorizing such health authority to place a seal described in subparagraph (b). " (iii) the requirements of the uniform standards described in clause (ii). "(c). "(d-) that a drug may not be imported into a naftada country from another naftaa country unless the labeling of the drug bears a seal as described in paragraph (b); " (ii, the labeling</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5703698992729187</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>64</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Imperial Valley Desert Conservation and Recreation Act''. In General.--On termination of all mining claims to the land described in paragraph , the Secretary shall transfer the land described in that paragraph to the State. Description of Land.--The land referred to in paragraph is certain Bureau of Land Management land in San Diego County, California, comprising approximately 934 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ``Table Mountain Wilderness Study Area Proposed Transfer to the State'' and dated March 17, 2015. Management.-- In general.--The land transferred under paragraph shall be managed in accordance with the provisions of the California Wilderness Act (California Public Resources Code sections 5093.30-5093.40). Withdrawal.--Subject to valid existing rights, the land transferred under paragraph is withdrawn from-- all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and disposition under all laws relating to mineral and geothermal leasing. Reversion.--If the State ceases to manage the land transferred under paragraph as part of the State Park System or in a manner inconsistent with the California Wilderness Act (California Public Resources Code sections 5093.30-5093.40), the land shall revert to the Secretary at the discretion of the Secretary, to be managed as a Wilderness Study Area. In General.--On the submission of an application by Imperial County, California, the Secretary of Transportation shall, in accordance with section 47125 of title 49, United States Code, and section 2641.1 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations) seek a conveyance from the Secretary of approximately 3,500 acres of Bureau of Land Management land adjacent to the Imperial County Holtville Airport for the purposes of airport expansion. Segregation.--The Secretary (acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management) shall, with respect to the land to be conveyed under subsection -- segregate the land; endeavor to develop a joint Memorandum of Understanding with the Imperial County Board of Supervisors, the Department of Defense, and the Department of Transportation; such an agreement shall not impose any obligation, term, or condition on the property owned by Imperial County; and prohibit the appropriation of the land until-- the date on which a joint Memorandum of Understanding is signed by the parties listed in paragraph ; the date on which a notice of realty action terminates the application; and the date on which a document of conveyance is published. Establishment.--There is established the Vinagre Wash Special Management Area in the State, to be managed by the El Centro Field Office and the Yuma Field Office of the Bureau of Land Management. Purpose.--The purpose of the Management Area is to conserve, protect, and enhance-- the plant and wildlife values of the Management Area; and the outstanding and nationally significant ecological, geological, scenic, recreational, archaeological, cultural, historic, and other resources of the Management Area. Boundaries.--The Management Area shall consist of the public land in Imperial County, California, comprising approximately 81,880 acres, as generally depicted on the map. Map; Legal Description.-- In general.--As soon as practicable, but not later than 3 years, after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary shall submit a map and legal description of the Management Area to-- the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. Effect.--The map and legal description submitted under paragraph shall have the same force and effect as if included in this title, except that the Secretary may correct any errors in the map and legal description. Availability.--Copies of the map submitted under paragraph shall be on file and available for public inspection in-- the Office of the Director of the Bureau of Land Management; and the appropriate office of the Bureau of Land Management in the State. In General.--The Secretary shall allow hiking, camping, hunting, and sightseeing and the use of motorized vehicles, mountain bikes, and horses on designated routes in the Management Area in a manner that-- is consistent with the purpose of the Management Area described in section 4; ensures public health and safety; and is consistent with applicable laws and regulations, including the Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan. Off-Highway Vehicle Use.-- In general.--Subject to paragraphs and and all other applicable laws, the use of off-highway vehicles shall be permitted on routes in the Management Area generally depicted on the map. Closure.--The Secretary may temporarily close or permanently reroute a portion of a route described in paragraph -- to prevent, or allow for restoration of, resource damage; to protect tribal cultural resources, including the resources identified in the tribal cultural resources management plan; to address public safety concerns; or as otherwise required by law. Designation of additional routes.--During the 3-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary-- shall accept petitions from the public regarding additional routes for off-highway vehicles; and may designate additional routes that the Secretary determines-- would provide significant or unique recreational opportunities; and are consistent with the purposes of the Management Area. Withdrawal.--Subject to valid existing rights, all Federal land within the Management Area is withdrawn from-- all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and right-of-way, leasing, or disposition under all laws relating to-- minerals; or solar, wind, and geothermal energy. No Buffers.--The establishment of the Management Area shall not-- create a protective perimeter or buffer zone around the Management Area; or preclude uses or activities outside the Management Area that are permitted under other applicable laws, even if the uses or activities are prohibited within the Management Area. Notice of Available Routes.--The Secretary shall ensure that visitors to the Management Area have access to adequate notice relating to the availability of designated routes in the Management Area through-- the placement of appropriate signage along the designated routes; the distribution of maps, safety education materials, and other information that the Secretary determines to be appropriate; and restoration of areas that are not designated as open routes, including vertical mulching. Stewardship.--The Secretary, in consultation with Indian tribes and other interests, shall develop a program to provide opportunities for monitoring and stewardship of the Management Area to minimize environmental impacts and prevent resource damage from recreational use, including volunteer assistance with-- route signage; restoration of closed routes; protection of Management Area resources; and recreation education. Protection of Tribal Cultural Resources.--Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary, in accordance with chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, and any other applicable law, shall-- prepare and complete a tribal cultural resources survey of the Management Area; and consult with the Quechan Indian Nation and other Indian tribes demonstrating ancestral, cultural, or other ties to the resources within the Management Area on the development and implementation of the tribal cultural resources survey under paragraph . Protection of Wilderness Character.-- In general.--The Secretary shall manage the Federal land in the Management Area described in paragraph in a manner that preserves the character of the land for the eventual inclusion of the land in the National Wilderness Preservation System. Description of land.--The Federal land described in this paragraph is-- the approximately 10,860 acres of land, as generally depicted as the Indian Pass Additions on the map entitled ``Vinagre Wash Proposed Special Management Area'' and dated November 10, 2009; the approximately 17,250 acres of land, as generally depicted as Milpitas Wash Potential Wilderness on the map entitled ``Vinagre Wash Proposed Special Management Area'' and dated November 10, 2009; the approximately 11,840 acres of land, as generally depicted as Buzzards Peak Potential Wilderness on the map entitled ``Vinagre Wash Proposed Special Management Area'' and dated November 10, 2009; and the approximately 9,350 acres of land, as generally depicted as Palo Verde Mountains Potential Wilderness on the map entitled ``Vinagre Wash Proposed Special Management Area'' and dated November 10, 2009. Use of land.-- Military uses.--The Secretary shall manage the Federal land in the Management Area described in paragraph in a manner that is consistent with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), except that the Secretary may authorize use of the land by the Secretary of the Navy for Naval Special Warfare Tactical Training, including long-range small unit training and navigation, vehicle concealment, and vehicle sustainment training, in accordance with applicable Federal laws. Prohibited uses.--The following shall be prohibited on the Federal land described in paragraph : Permanent roads. Commercial enterprises. Except as necessary to meet the minimum requirements for the administration of the Federal land and to protect public health and safety-- the use of mechanized vehicles; and the establishment of temporary roads. Wilderness designation.-- In general.--The Federal land described in paragraph shall be designated as wilderness and as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System on the date on which the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, publishes a notice in the Federal Register that all activities on the Federal land that are incompatible with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.) have terminated. Designation.--On designation of the Federal land under clause -- the land described in paragraph shall be incorporated in, and shall be considered to be a part of, the Indian Pass Wilderness; the land described in paragraph shall be designated as the ``Milpitas Wash Wilderness''; the land described in paragraph shall be designated as the ``Buzzard Peak Wilderness''; and the land described in paragraph shall be incorporated in, and shall be considered to be a part of, the Palo Verde Mountains Wilderness. Administration of Wilderness.--Subject to valid existing rights, the land designated as wilderness or as a wilderness addition by this title shall be administered by the Secretary in accordance with this Act and the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.). In this Act: Management area.--The term ``Management Area'' means the Vinagre Wash Special Management Area. Map.--The term ``map'' means the map entitled ``Vinagre Wash Proposed Special Management Area; Indian Pass Mountains and Palo Verde Mountains Potential Wilderness Additions, and Buzzards Peak, Milpitas Wash Potential Wilderness'' and dated February 19, 2015. Public land.--The term ``public land'' has the meaning given the term ``public lands'' in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702). Secretary.--The term ``Secretary'' means the Secretary of the Interior. State.--The term ``State'' means the State of California."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "imperial valley desert conservation and recreation act". sec. 2. transfer of land to anza-borrego desert state park, california. (a) in general. --on termination of all mining claims to the land described in paragraph (2), the secretary shall transfer the land referred in that paragraph to the state. (b) description of land. --the land referred to in paragraph 1) is certain bureau of land management land in san diego county, California, comprising approximately 934 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled "table mountain wilderness study area" and dated march 17, 2015. (c) management. -- (1) in the state, the secretary of transportation shall, at the discretion of the secretary, transfer the lands described in the land to the secretary at his discretion. sec. 3. holtville airport, imperial county. (2) management of the state park system. (3) transfer. -- the land transferred under paragraph (1). --the secretary shall, in accordance with all laws relating to mineral and geothermal leasing. (4) transfer of the land. (5) transfer to a state park. (6) withdrawal. (7) transfer; (8) withdrawal; (9) withdrawal from. --subject to valid existing rights, the land is withdrawn from the state; (1), the state parks system; and (8). (9). (10) transfer from the secretary. (11) transfer (1); (12) transfer under the public land laws; (13) land transfer;(14) transfer over the public lands; (15) land transfers under the land; (16) transfer, land transfer under (15); (17) transfer and lease; (18) transfer by the secretary; (19) transfer through the secretary and (20) transfer as a wilderness. (1. reversion. (12. reverts. --if the state ceases to manage the land transfer (a)(1) as part of the park system or in a manner inconsistent with the califcalornia wilderness act (california public resources code sections 5093.30-5093.40), the land shall revert to the Secretary at a discretion of (1, to be managed under the secretary); (2). -- (3. land transferred to a wilderness study areas. (24) --on the submission of an application by imperial county, calIF(2) effect. --the map and legal description submitted under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this title, except that the secretary may correct any errors in the map and its legal description. (3) availability. --copies of the map submitted under the legal description shall be on file and available for public inspection in-- (a) the office of the director of the bureau of land management; and (b) the appropriate offices of the state. sec. 5. management. (a. in general. -- the secretary shall allow hiking, camping, hunting, and sightseeing and the use of motorized vehicles, mountain bikes, and horses on designated routes in the management area in a manner that is consistent with the purpose of the management areas described in section 4 (b); (2) ensures public health and safety; and, (3). sec. 4 (a). --the secretary shall ensure that the use and maintenance of all federal lands in the desert, including the desert renewable energy conservation plan. (b. off-highway vehicle use. -- (1. --subject to paragraphs (2, and (3), and all other applicable laws, the secretary, in accordance with chapter 2003 of title 54, united states code, and any other applicable law, shall allow off-Highway vehicles on routes that are not designated as open routes; (2). Sec. 5 (a), and (2. Sec. 6 (b). Secs. 6. management (a)(a) and (c) off-road vehicle use, (a, b, b). -- (b, b) off -highway vehicles. -- subject to paragraphs 1) and the secretary's (3-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this title shall be permitted on routes in a management area generally depicted on the map. (2- closure. -the secretary may temporarily close or permanently reroute a portion of a route described in paragraph ( 1)-- (a" to prevent, or allow for restoration of, resource damage; (b- to protect tribal cultural resources, including, resource identified in the tribal cultural resource management plan; (c" to address public safety concerns; or (d) as otherwise required by law. (e) designation of additional routes. --during the 3-year periods beginning on- the dateof enactment of This title, the Secretary-- (1- shall accept petitions from the public regarding additional routes for off-lowway vehicles; andland in the management area described in paragraph (2) in a manner that preserves the character of the land for the eventual inclusion of the lands in the national wilderness preservation system. (1) description of land. --the federal land described in this paragraph is-- (a) the approximately 10,860 acres of land, as generally depicted as the indian pass wilderness potential wilderness on the map entitled "vinagre wash proposed special management area" and dated november 10, 2009; (b) (a), the approximately 17,000 acres of the indians pass wilderness and buzzards peak potential wilderness, as general depicted as buzzards peaks potential wilderness and dated february 19, 2015. (c) (d) (e) the approximate 17,250 acres, as the milpitas wash potential wilderness (as generally depicted by buzzardspeak potential wilderness) and dated November 11, 2009. (4) the "vinagre washed proposed special Management area" (1), which is a part of the federal land policy and management area of the national forest preservation system (16 u.s.c. 1131 et seq.). sec. 7. definitions. in this act: (1). --the government land in this manner that is consistent with the wilderness act (16 U.S.C. 11 31 et seq.), except that the secretary of defense may authorize use of the government land for palo verde mountains potential wilderness. sec.7. definitions of the state land in the United States. (2). -- (a). (b). (c). (3) use of land and --the following shall be prohibited on the federal lands described in subparagraph (2): (i.a) military uses. -- the secretary shall manage the federal government land, the management areas described inparagraph (2), in a way that is inconsistent with the Wilderness act ( 16 u.ss.c.) 1131 and (4). (4. wilderness designation. -- (b. use of federal land. (i) land. and (ii) land use in accordance with the federal laws. (ii). (iii) land in paragraph 1 (2)(a) and (b, in accordancewith applicable federal laws). (2. prohibited uses. (a. military uses.) --the military uses on the United land described In paragraph (1): (c. permanent roads. (II) commercial enterprises. (iii), except as necessary to meet the minimum requirements for the administration of the(4) secretary. --the term "secretary" means the secretary of the interior. (5) state. -- the term "state" means a state of california. calif.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5931053161621094</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>65</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Workplace Employee Stock Option Act of 2002''. In General.--Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to employee stock purchase plans) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Special Incentives With Respect to Employee Stock Purchase Plans Which Meet Certain Additional Requirements.-- ``In general.--If-- ``section 421would (but for this subsection) apply with respect to the transfer of stock to an individual by reason of this section, and ``the requirements of paragraph are met with respect to such transfer, the rules of paragraph shall apply in lieu of the rules of section 421and section 56shall not apply. ``Requirements.--A transfer of stock to an individual meets the requirements of this paragraph if-- ``the price paid by the individual for the stock under the option is paid only through payroll deductions in substantially equal amounts over a period of not less than 12 months and not more than 60 months, ``such payroll deductions are held in a trust described in paragraph , ``the price of the stock acquired under the option is not less than the fair market value of the stock at the time the option is granted, ``ownership of the stock is transferred to the individual at the end of the payroll deduction period (or, if earlier, the date that the price of the stock under the option is fully paid), ``the individual's election to commence withholding to purchase such stock pursuant to the option is made during the 30-day period beginning on the earliest date that the individual could have made the election to commence withholding to acquire stock pursuant to such option, and ``the stock acquired by the individual pursuant to the option-- ``is held by the trust described in paragraph until the individual elects to dispose of such stock, or ``at the election of the individual, is transferred to the individual. ``Special tax treatment.-- ``Treatment of payroll deductions.--With respect to the payroll deductions referred to in paragraph -- ``the gross income of the individual shall not include an amount equal to such deductions, ``for purposes of subtitle C, the individual's remuneration for employment shall not include an amount equal to such deductions, and ``the deduction otherwise allowable under section 162 for remuneration paid to such individual shall be reduced by an amount equal to such deductions. The aggregate amount to which the preceding sentence applies for any taxable year of an individual shall not exceed the limitation under section 402for such taxable year. ``Treatment when share transferred to individual.-- ``Employee.--No amount shall be includible in the gross income of an individual (or treated as remuneration for purposes of subtitle C) by reason of the transfer of ownership of stock acquired pursuant to an option to which this subsection applies. ``Employer.--There shall be allowed as a deduction under section 162 to the person whose deduction was reduced under subparagraph (for the taxable year in which such transfer of ownership occurs) an amount equal to the fair market value of the stock at the time of such transfer. ``Treatment when share disposed of.--At the time the stock is disposed of, so much of the gain as does not exceed the deduction allowed under subparagraph shall be treated as ordinary income. ``Failure to include proper amount of ordinary income.--If-- ``the gain on any disposition of stock acquired pursuant to an option to which this subsection applies exceeds the deduction allowed under subparagraph , and ``the individual fails to include in gross income as ordinary income at least the amount of such deduction, then the entire amount of gain shall be included in gross income as ordinary income. ``Special rules.-- ``Determination of option price.--For purposes of paragraph , an option to acquire stock shall be treated as being granted on the earliest date that the individual could have made the election to acquire stock pursuant to such option. ``Return of payroll deductions.--Nothing in this subsection shall prevent the return of an individual's payroll deductions to the individual if the individuals elects not to use the deducted amounts to acquire the stock. The amount so returned shall be included in the gross income of such individual for the taxable year in which paid to the individual and shall be treated for purposes of subtitle C as remuneration from employment. ``Termination of employment.--If an individual terminates employment with the person who granted the option to acquire stock, paragraph shall not apply to amounts paid within 3 months after such termination to the extent such amounts do not exceed the amount payable under options granted before the date of such termination. In the case of an individual who is disabled or who dies before the close of such 3 months, the preceding sentence shall be applied by substituting `1 year' for `3 months'. ``Treatment of nonresident aliens.--If an individual is a nonresident alien individual for any portion of the taxable year, this subsection shall apply only if-- ``such individual is treated as a resident alien of the United States for purposes of this chapter by reason of an election under subsection or of section 6013, or ``such individual has income from sources within the United States or which is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States. ``Certain employees may be excluded.--In applying subsection for purposes of this subsection, there may be excluded employees included in a unit of employees covered by an agreement between employee representatives and one or more employers which the Secretary finds to be a collective bargaining agreement, if the benefits provided under this subsection were the subject of good faith bargaining between such employee representatives and such employer or employers. ``Rate of cash compensation must be unaffected.--The grant of any options under the arrangement may not be directly linked with a systematic reduction in the annual rate at which basic or regular cash compensation is paid to employees under the arrangement, as determined under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury. ``Trust holding payroll deductions.--A trust is described in this paragraph if-- ``the trust is created or organized in the United States exclusively for the purposes of holding payroll deductions pursuant to this subsection and stock acquired with such payroll deductions, ``a separate account is maintained for each individual, and ``any earnings on payroll deductions of an individual are paid not less often than annually to such individual. The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 shall not apply to any trust described in this paragraph. ``Regulations.--The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be appropriate to carry out this subsection.'' Exemption From Tax for Trust Holding Payroll Deductions, Etc.-- Subsection of section 501 of such Code is amended by striking ``or section 401'' and inserting ``, section 401, or section 423''. Information Reporting.-- In general.--Subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new section: `` ACQUIRED PURSUANT TO CERTAIN STOCK OPTIONS. ``In General.--Any person who is allowed a deduction for any taxable year under section 423with respect to the transfer of ownership of stock to any individual shall make the return described in subsection with respect to such transfer at such time as the Secretary may by regulations prescribe. ``Form and Manner of Returns.--A return is described in this subsection if such return-- ``is in such form as the Secretary may prescribe, ``contains-- ``the name, address, and TIN of the individual to whom the stock ownership was so transferred, ``the amount of the deduction allowed under section 423with respect to such transfer, and ``such other information as the Secretary may prescribe. ``Statements To Be Furnished To Persons With Respect To Whom Information Is Required.--Every person required to make a return under subsection shall furnish to each individual whose name is required to be set forth in such return a written statement showing-- ``the name, address, and phone number of the information contact of the person required to make such return, and ``the amount of the deduction described in subsection with respect to stock ownership transferred to such individual. The written statement required under the preceding sentence shall be furnished to the person on or before January 31 of the year following the calendar year for which the return under subsection was required to be made.'' Assessable penalties.-- Subparagraph of section 6724of such Code (relating to definitions) is amended by redesignating clauses through as clauses through , respectively, and by inserting after clause the following new clause: ``section 6050T (relating to returns relating to transfers of ownership of stock acquired pursuant to certain stock options),''. Paragraph of section 6724of such Code is amended by striking ``or'' at the end of the next to last subparagraph, by striking the period at the end of the last subparagraph and inserting ``, or'', and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ``section 6050T(relating to returns relating to transfers of ownership of stock acquired pursuant to certain stock options).''. Clerical amendment.--The table of sections for subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 of such Code is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6050S the following new item: ``Sec. 6050T. Returns relating to transfers of ownership of stock acquired pursuant to certain stock options.''. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to options granted after the date of the enactment of this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "workplace employee stock option act of 2002". sec. 2. incentives to grant employee stock options. (a) in general. --section 423 of the internal revenue code of 1986 (relating to employee stock purchase plans) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: " (d) special incentives with respect to employee Stock purchase plans which meet certain additional requirements. -- "(1) ingeneral. --if-- " (b) section 421 (a)(a) would (but for this subsection) apply with respectto the transfer of stock to an individual by reason of this section, and " " (B) the requirements of paragraph (2) would apply in lieu of the rules of section 422 (a), and " (c) the rules for section 56 (b)(3) shall not apply. "(2) requirements of this paragraph would apply. --a transfer of the stock to a person meets the requirements for this paragraph. -- " (i) the transfer is paid only through payroll deductions in substantially equal amounts over a period of not less than 12 months and not more than 60 months, " (ii) if-- " the requirements are met with respect the transfer to an option is paid, " the rules are metwith respect to such transfer. --the tax treatment. --" the tax treatment is not the tax treated. -- the tax paid by the individual for the stock under the option is due to the amount of the tax deferred. --with respect the tax deferral. -- with the tax withheld. --without respect to the tax exempt. --after the tax deductible. --(a) the price paid by a person for the option -- " the tax exemption is due. --and the tax payable by the tax -- " tax treated, "the tax deferred, "(a), the tax on the tax was deferred. " (t) the tax is payable to the individual at the beginning of the payroll deduction period (or, if earlier, the date that the price of the Stock under the Option is fully paid), " (e) the individual's election to commence withholding to purchase such stock pursuant to the option, " and the tax withholders are due to such tax deferred the tax. -- (e), the individual is elected to commence the election to acquire stock pursuant the option. the aggregate amount to which the individual could have made the election is due, " " the election was due. " "the election to(a) shall not apply to amounts paid within 3 months after such termination to the extent such amounts do not exceed the amount payable under options granted before the date of such termination. in the case of an individual who is disabled or who dies before the close of such 3 months, the preceding sentence shall be applied by substituting '1 year' for '3 months'. " (d) treatment of nonresident aliens. --if an individual is a nonresident alien individual for any portion of the taxable year, this subsection shall apply only if-- " (i) such individual is treated as a resident alien of the united states for purposes of this chapter by reason of an election under subsection (g) or (h) of section 6013, or " (ii) any individual has income from sources within the united States or which is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the united state. " (e) certain employees may be excluded. --in applying subsection (b)(4) for purposesof this subsection, there may be exclusion employees included in a unit of employees covered by an agreement between employee representatives and one or more employers which the secretary finds to be a collective bargaining agreement, if the secretary determines to be in good faith bargaining between such employee representatives. " " (b) rate of cash compensation must be unaffected. --the grant of any options under the arrangement may not be directly linked with a systematic reduction in the annual rate at which basic or regular cash compensation is paid to employees under the arrangements, as determined under regulations prescribed by the secretary of the treasury. "(6) trust holding payroll deductions. --a trust is described in this paragraph if-- (a) the benefits provided under this subsection were the subject of good faith agreement between such employer or employers, or if the benefit provided under the benefit were the product of good practice bargaining between those employee representatives or employers. "(5) rate and cash compensation. --as the grant of all options under any arrangement may or may not have been directly linked to a systematic Reduction in the Annual rate at the basic or Regular cash compensation, as noted under regulations required by the Secretary of the Treasury. "( 6) trust holds payroll deductions, etc.--a trust holding or other trust is used to pay payroll deductions and-- " a trust is a trust are described in This paragraph if– " (a” the trust is created or organized in theunited states exclusively for the purposes of holding payroll deduction pursuant to this subsection and stock acquired with such payroll deductions., " (B)"(1) the name, address, and phone number of the information contact of the person required to make such return, and "(2) the amount of the deduction described in subsection (a) with respect to stock ownership transferred to such individual. the written statement required under the preceding sentence shall be furnished to the person on or before january 31 of the year following the calendar year for which the return under subsection (A) was required to be made. " (2) assessable penalties. -- (a)(b) subparagraph (b) of section 6724 (d)(1) of such code (relating to definitions) is amended by redesignating clauses (xi) through (xvii) as clauses (xii) through and (xiii), respectively, and by inserting after clause (x) the following new clause: " (xi (xiv) section 6050t (c) (relates to returns relating to transfers of ownership of stock acquired pursuant to certain stock options). ". (b)(1)(b)(2) of chapter 6724) of the code is amended. --the table of sections for subpart b of subchapter b of chapter 61 of chapter 6024 (D) of this act is amended, by striking "or" at the end of the next to last subparagraph, and inserting after the last subparagraph and inserting ", or", and by adding at the beginning of the last new subparagraph: "(bb) section 650t, (relator to returns of ownership to transfers thereof to stock acquired by certain Stock options). "(b) subpart c of subpart d of chapter 62 of chapter 59 of this Act. (c)(1), by striking the period from the beginning to the end, by inserting at the last item relating to section 6049t, and at the start of the following item: "sec. 6050s. returns relating thereto. ". (d) effective date. -- the amendments made by this section shall apply to options granted after the date of the enactment of the act. --therefore, there shall be no changes made by the amendment made by section 6051s. (b, c, d, and d) effective day. --this section shall be amended by inserting the item containing the item relating thereto, and that the amendments make by this subsection shall apply only to options given after the day of the enacting of this acts. (d, e, f, g, e.g.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5612409710884094</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>66</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Climate Change Investment Act of 2006''. Repeal of Election To Expense Certain Refineries.-- Subparagraph of section 179Cof the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ``January 1, 2012'' and inserting ``the date of the enactment of the Climate Change Investment Act of 2006''. Paragraph of section 179Cof such Code is amended by striking ``January 1, 2008'' each place it appears and inserting ``the date of the enactment of the Climate Change Investment Act of 2006''. Repeal of Amortization of Geological and Geophysical Expenditures.--Subsection of section 167 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ``Termination.--This subsection shall not apply to any expenses paid or incurred in any taxable year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act.''. Repeal of Enhanced Oil Recovery Credit.--Section 43 of such Code (relating to enhanced oil recovery credit) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Termination.--This section shall not apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this subsection.''. Repeal of Credit for Production of Low Sulfur Diesel Fuel.-- Section 45H of such Code (relating to credit for production of low sulfur diesel fuel) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Termination.--This section shall not apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this subsection.''. Repeal of Credit for Producing Fuel From a Nonconventional Source.--Subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by striking section 45K (relating to credit for producing fuel from a nonconventional source). Repeal of Deduction for Capital Costs Incurred in Complying With Environmental Protection Agency Sulfur Regulations.--Section 179B of such Code (relating to deduction for capital costs incurred in complying with Environmental Protection Agency sulfur regulations) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Termination.--This section shall not apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this subsection.''. Repeal of Certain Intangible Drilling and Development Costs.-- Subsection of section 263 of such Code (relating to intangible drilling and development costs in the case of oil and gas wells and geothermal wells) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ``This subsection shall not apply to costs incurred after the date of the enactment of this sentence with respect to any oil or gas well.''. Repeal of Certain Oil and Gas Provisions.-- In general.--Part I of subchapter I of chapter 1 of such Code (relating to deductions) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: `` ``This part shall not apply with respect to any expenditure which relates to any oil or gas well and which is paid or incurred after the date of the enactment of this section.''. Clerical amendment.--The table of sections for part I of subchapter I of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ``Sec. 618. Oil and gas limitation.''. Effective Date.-- In general.--Except as provided in paragraph , the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Repeal of credit for producing fuel from a nonconventional source.--The amendment made by subsection shall apply with respect to fuels sold or produced after the date of the enactment of this Act. In General.--Subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 (relating to business-related credits) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: `` ``Allowance of Credit.-- ``In general.--For purposes of section 38, in the case of a taxpayer's investment in a greenhouse gas intensity reduction project approved by the Secretary of Energy, the greenhouse gas intensity reduction investment credit determined under this section for the taxable year is an amount equal to-- ``the percentage reduction in greenhouse gas intensity certified for such project for such year by the Secretary of Energy, multiplied by ``the investment in such project during such year which is attributable, directly or indirectly, to the taxpayer, as determined by the Secretary of Energy. ``Aggregate dollar limitation.--The credit determined under paragraph for any taxable year, when added to any credit allowed to the taxpayer with respect to the such project in any preceding taxable year, shall not exceed 50 percent of the investment attributable to the taxpayer with respect to such project through such taxable year. ``Limitation on Aggregate Credit Allowable.-- ``In general.--The amount of the greenhouse gas intensity reduction investment credit determined under subsection for any project, when added to all such credits allowed to all taxpayers with respect to the such project shall not exceed the credit dollar amount allocated to such project under this subsection by the Secretary of Energy from the greenhouse gas intensity reduction investment credit limitation for the calendar year in which such allocation is made. ``Time for making allocation.--An allocation shall be taken into account under paragraph only if it is made not later than the close of the calendar year in which the greenhouse gas intensity reduction project proposal with respect to such project is approved by the Secretary of Energy. ``Overall limitation on aggregate credit allowable.-- The Secretary of Energy may allocate the aggregate credit dollar amount to any such project for a period not to exceed a 10-year period beginning with the calendar year described in paragraph . ``Limitation on Amount of Credits Allocated.-- ``In general.--There is a greenhouse gas intensity reduction investment credit limitation amount for each calendar year. Except as provided in paragraph , such limitation amount is $600,000,000 for each of calendar years 2008 through 2012, and zero thereafter. ``Carryover of unused issuance limitation.--If for any calendar year the limitation amount imposed by paragraph exceeds the amount of greenhouse gas intensity reduction investment credits allocated during such year, such excess shall be carried forward to the succeeding calendar year as an addition to the limitation imposed by paragraph . ``Greenhouse Gas Intensity Reduction Project; Greenhouse Gas Intensity.--For purposes of this section-- ``Greenhouse gas intensity reduction project.--The term `greenhouse gas intensity reduction project' means any project approved under this section by the Secretary of Energy. Such approval shall be based on the following criteria: ``The extent of the reduction in greenhouse gas intensity proposed for the project. ``Improvements in system efficiency. ``In the case of projects located outside the United States, the extent of technology transfer. ``The existence and nature of agreements for sharing project benefits and liability between the taxpayer and any host government. ``Greenhouse gas intensity.--The greenhouse gas intensity for any period is equal to the volume of emissions divided by the economic activity associated with a project. ``Recapture of Credit in Certain Cases.-- ``In general.--If, at any time during the 20-year period of a greenhouse gas intensity reduction project, there is a recapture event with respect to such project, then the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year in which such event occurs shall be increased by the credit recapture amount. ``Credit recapture amount.--For purposes of paragraph -- ``In general.--The credit recapture amount is an amount equal to the recapture percentage of all greenhouse gas intensity reduction investment credits previously allowable to a taxpayer with respect to any investment in such project that is attributable to such taxpayer. ``Recapture percentage.--The recapture percentage shall be 100 percent if the recapture event occurs during the first 5 years of the project, 75 percent if the recapture event occurs during the second 5 years of the project, 50 percent if the recapture event occurs during the third 5 years of the project, 25 percent if the recapture event occurs during the fourth 5 years of the project, and 0 percent if the recapture event occurs at any time after the 20th year of the project. ``Recapture event.--For purposes of paragraph , there is a recapture event with respect to a greenhouse gas intensity reduction project if-- ``the taxpayer violates a term or condition of the approval of the project by the Secretary of Energy at any time, ``the taxpayer adopts a practice which the Secretary of Energy has specified in its approval of the project as a practice which would tend to defeat the purposes of the program, or ``the taxpayer disposes of any ownership interest arising out of its investment that the Secretary of Energy has determined is attributable to the project, unless the Secretary of Energy determines that such disposition will not have any adverse effect on the greenhouse gas intensity reduction project. If an event which otherwise would be a recapture event is outside the control of the taxpayer, as determined by the Secretary of Energy, such event shall not be treated as a recapture event with respect to such taxpayer. ``Special rules.-- ``Tax benefit rule.--The tax for the taxable year shall be increased under paragraph only with respect to credits allowed by reason of this section which were used to reduce tax liability. In the case of credits not so used to reduce tax liability, the carryforwards and carrybacks under section 39 shall be appropriately adjusted. ``No credits against tax.--Any increase in tax under this subsection shall not be treated as a tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter or for purposes of section 55. ``Disallowance of Double Benefit.-- ``Basis reduction.--The basis of any investment in a greenhouse gas intensity reduction project shall be reduced by the amount of any credit determined under this section with respect to such investment. ``Charitable deduction disallowed.--No deduction shall be allowed to a taxpayer under section 170 with respect to any contribution which the Secretary of Energy certifies to the Secretary of the Treasury constitutes an investment in a greenhouse gas intensity reduction project that is attributable to such taxpayer. ``Certification to Treasury.--The Secretary of Energy shall certify to the Secretary of the Treasury before January 31 of each year with respect to each taxpayer which has made an investment in a greenhouse gas intensity reduction project-- ``the amount of the greenhouse gas intensity reduction investment credit allowable to such taxpayer for the preceding calendar year, ``whether a recapture event occurred with respect to such taxpayer during the preceding calendar year, and ``the credit recapture amount, if any, with respect to such taxpayer for the preceding calendar year. ``Regulations.--The Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe such regulations as may be appropriate to carry out this section, including regulations-- ``which limit the credit for investments which are directly or indirectly subsidized by other Federal benefits, ``which prevent the abuse of the provisions of this section through the use of related parties, and ``which impose appropriate reporting requirements.''. Credit Made Part of General Business Credit.--Subsection of section 38 is amended by striking ``and'' at the end of paragraph , by striking the period at the end of paragraph and inserting ``, and'', and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ``the greenhouse gas intensity reduction investment credit determined under section 45N.''. Deduction for Unused Credit.--Subsection of section 196 is amended by striking ``and'' at the end of paragraph , by striking the period at the end of paragraph and inserting ``, and'', and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ``the greenhouse gas intensity reduction investment credit determined under section 45N.''. Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections for subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ``Sec. 45N. Greenhouse gas intensity reduction investment credit.''. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to investments made after December 31, 2007."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "climate change investment act of 2006". sec. 2. repeal of tax subsidies for the oil and gas industry. (a) repeal of election to expense certain refineries. -- (1) subparagraph (b) of section 179c (c)(2) of the internal revenue code of 1986 is amended by striking "january 1, 2012" each place it appears and inserting "the date of the enactment of the climate change investment law of 2006" each time it appears. --subpart d of section 167 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to the internal Revenue Code, 1986) is amended to striking "January 2, 2012", each place where it appears, inserting "The date of a 2010" eachplace it appears in the text of this section. --(1) paragraph (2) and inserting the date of "janober 1, 2008" each places it appears (the date for the enactment "Climate change investment Act of 2006). -- (2.1) repeal (a)(b) repeal(b) repealing of amortization of geological and geophysical expenditures. --Subsection (h) of chapter 167 of such code is amendedby adding at the end the following new paragraph: "(5) termination. --this subsection shall not apply to any expenses paid or incurred in any taxable year beginning after the dateof the enactmentof this act. ". (c) repealof enhanced oil recovery credit. --section 43 of such codes (related to enhanced oil recover credit) is modified by adding at- end the previous new subsection: " (f) termination." --this section shall not Apply to taxable years beginning after The date of this subsection. ". " (d) repeal, credit for production of low sulfur diesel fuel. -- section 45h of such Code (relates to credit for producing low sulph diesel fuel) is amend by adding the end of the following " (h" termination. -this section may not apply in taxable years 1 after the expiration of this paragraph. ". --subsection (e) of subchapter a of chapter 1 of this code (relator for credit for making fuel from a nonconventional source). --subparagraph (d of part iv of chapter a of such "subchapter a) of this chapter is amended (f (f-f) credit for the credit for low sulfur Diesel fuel). --section 45k of such credit for credit (fault for producing fuel from noncongreenhouse gas intensity reduction investment credit. " (a) allowance of credit. -- "(1) in general. --for purposes of section 38, in the case of a taxpayer's investment in a greenhouse gas intensity Reduction project approved by the secretary of energy, the greenhouse gas emissions reduction investment Credit determined under this section for the taxable year is an amount equal to-- " (b) the percentage reduction in greenhouse gas emission certified for such project for such year by the Secretary of energy. " " (c) the amount of greenhouse gas dioxide reduction investment credits allowed to the taxpayer with respect to such project, when added to any credit allowed to all such credits allowed in any taxable year, shall not exceed 50 percent of the investment attributable to the taxpayers with respectto such project through such year. "(a) the contribution to the tax imposed by paragraph (1) for any project. -- (b)(1) --the contribution to any project allowed to any tax imposed on the taxpayer, when applied to all tax imposed in this section, when adding to all the credits allowed by the governor of energy for any tax year, to be applied to the taxable years. --(b) contribution to all taxable year. --"(1) limitation on aggregate credit allowable. -- " "(1), limitation on credit allowable for any projects. --the amount of the greenhouse gases intensity reduction credit determined under subsection (a), when added in all such tax imposed to all taxpayers, to the extent of all credits allowed for the taxpayer to the such project in any preceding taxable year and to the maximum allowable amount allowed to each tax imposed under paragraph (a, if added to all credits allow to the same project, to any taxable years, to a maximum allowable limit of any project shall not exceeded the credit dollar amount allocated to such projects under this subsection by the treasurer of energy from the greenhouse Gas intensity reduction Investment credit limitation for the calendar year in which such allocation is made. "(2) time for making allocation. --an allocation shall be taken into account under paragraph "1) only if it is made not later than the close of the calendar calendar year. "(1) if the greenhouse greenhouse gas efficiency reduction project proposal with respect thereto, " (2) if any project is approved by any other project. "(3) overall limitation on aggreg credit allowable." -- the secretary's energy may allocate the aggregate credit dollar amounts to any such project under this subsections by the secretaries of energy to any period not to exceed a 10-year period beginning with the calendar years described in"(3) recapture event. --for purposes of paragraph (1), there is a recapture events with respect to a greenhouse gas intensity reduction project if-- " (a) the taxpayer violates a term or condition of the approval of the project by the secretary of energy at any time, " (b) the government adopts a practice which the secretaryof energy has specified in its approval of a project as a practice, unless the secretary or condition is satisfied that such practice will not have any adverse effect on the greenhouse gas emissions reduction project. --the taxpayer adopts or disposes of any ownership interest arising out of its investment that the secretary and energy has determined is attributable to the project. " (c) if an event which is outside the control of the taxpayer, as determined by the Secretary of energy, such event shall not be treated as a recapturing event with respectto such taxpayer. "(4) special rules. -- " (1) tax benefit rule. -- the tax for the taxable year shall be increased under paragraph (2) only with respect the amount of any tax allowed by reason of this section which were used to reduce tax liability. in the case of credits not so used to reducing tax liability, the carryforwards and carrybacks under section 39 shall be appropriately adjusted. " " (4) no credits against tax. --any increase in tax under this subsection shall not have a tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount or for purposes in section 55. " "(a) tax credit rule. -the tax for a taxable yearshall be increased over paragraph ( 1) onlywith respect to credits allowed by the reason of the section which are used to reduced tax liability or in the cases of credits that were used for reduce tax liabilities. in-kind credits and carryback under section 40 shall be appropriate adjusted. in addition to the provisions of section 39, the carriedforwards, carrybacks, carryback, carryouts under section 38 shall be properly adjusted. "(b) no credit against tax, "any increase. -- any increase in the tax under the subsection shall be treated in tax as a tax. (g) tax exempt from this chapter. -- "(1) disallowance of double benefit. --"(1) basis reduction. --there is no deduction for any investment in a greenhouse greenhouse gas efficiency reduction project shall be reduced by the amounts of any credit determined under this section with respect thereto. "(2) charitable deduction disallowed. --no deduction shall be allowed to a taxpayer under section</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5600696206092834</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>67</ROW><BILL>"Title III of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (Public Law 105- 220; 112 Stat. 1080) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Subtitle E--Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response `` ``This subtitle may be cited as the `Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response Act of 2001' or as the `SAFER Act of 2001'. `` ``The purposes of this subtitle are-- ``to expand on the firefighter assistance grant program under section 33 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229), in order to ensure adequate funding to increase the number of firefighting personnel throughout the Nation; ``to substantially increase the hiring of firefighters so that communities can-- ``meet industry minimum standards for providing adequate protection from acts of terrorism and hazards; and ``enhance the ability of firefighter units to save lives, save property, and effectively respond to all types of emergencies; and ``to promote that substantial increase in hiring by establishing a program of grants, authorized for 7 years, to provide direct funding to States, units of local government, and Indian tribal organizations for firefighter salaries and benefits. `` ``In this subtitle: ``Eligible entity.--The term `eligible entity' means-- ``a State, a unit of local government, a tribal organization, or another public entity; or ``a multi-jurisdictional or regional consortia of entities described in subparagraph . ``Firefighter.--The term `firefighter' has the meaning given the term `employee in fire protection activities' in section 3 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 203). ``Indian tribe; tribal organization.--The terms `Indian tribe' and `tribal organization' have the meanings given the terms in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). ``Secretary.--The term `Secretary' means the Secretary of Labor, acting after consultation with the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. ``State.--The term `State' means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. `` ``Definition.--In this section, the term `qualifying entity', used with respect to a fiscal year, means any eligible entity (including a State) that has submitted an application under section 355 for the fiscal year that meets the requirements of this subtitle and such additional requirements as the Secretary may prescribe. ``Grant Authorization.--The Secretary may make grants to eligible entities to pay for the Federal share of the cost of carrying out projects to hire firefighters. ``Minimum Amount.-- ``Amount.--For any fiscal year, the Secretary shall ensure that the qualifying entities in each State shall receive, through grants made under this section, a total amount that is not less than \1/2\ of 1 percent of the amount appropriated under section 362 for the fiscal year. ``Exception.--Paragraph shall not apply for a fiscal year if the Secretary makes a grant under this section to every qualifying entity for the fiscal year. ``Grant Periods.--The Secretary may make grants under this section for periods of 3 years. ``Federal Share.-- ``In general.--The Federal share of the cost of carrying out a project to hire firefighters under this subtitle shall be not more than 75 percent. ``Non-federal share.--The non-Federal share shall be provided-- ``in cash; ``in the case of a State or unit of local government, from assets received through an asset forfeiture program; or ``in the case of a tribal organization or the Bureau of Indian Affairs, from any Federal funds made available for firefighting functions to assist an Indian tribe. ``Waiver.--The Secretary may waive the requirements of paragraphs and for an eligible entity. `` ``In General.--To be eligible to receive a grant under this subtitle, an entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may prescribe. ``Contents.--Each such application shall-- ``include a long-term strategy and detailed implementation plan, for the hiring to be conducted under the grant, that reflects consultation with community groups and appropriate private and public agencies and reflects consideration of a statewide strategy for such hiring; ``specify the reasons why the entity is unable to hire sufficient firefighters to address the entity's needs, without Federal assistance; ``specify the average number of firefighters employed by the entity during the fiscal year prior to the fiscal year for which the application is submitted; and ``outline the initial and planned level of community support for implementing the strategy and plan, including the level of financial and in-kind contributions or other tangible commitments; ``specify plans for obtaining necessary support and continuing the employment of a greater number of firefighters than the number specified under paragraph , following the conclusion of Federal assistance under this subtitle; and ``include an assurance that the entity will continue the employment of firefighters hired with funds made available through the grant for at least 1 year after the end of the grant period; and ``include assurances that the entity will, to the extent practicable, seek, recruit, and hire members of racial and ethnic minority groups and women in order to increase the ranks of minorities and women within the entity's firefighter units. ``Small Jurisdictions.--Notwithstanding any other provision of this subtitle, the Secretary may waive 1 or more of the requirements of subsection , and may make special provisions to facilitate the expedited submission, processing, and approval of an application under this section, for an eligible entity that is a unit of local government, or an eligible entity serving a fire district, that has jurisdiction over an area with a population of less than 50,000. ``Preference.--In awarding grants under this subtitle, the Secretary-- ``shall give preference to a unit of local government; and ``may give preference, where feasible, to an eligible entity that submits an application containing a plan that-- ``provides for hiring (including rehiring) career firefighters; and ``requires the entity to contribute a non- Federal share of more than 25 percent of the cost of carrying out a project to hire the firefighters. ``State and Local Applications.--If a unit of local government for a community, and the State in which the community is located, submit applications under this section for a fiscal year to carry out a project in a community, and the unit of local government and State are qualifying entities under section 354, the Secretary-- ``shall make a grant under this subtitle to the unit of local government for that year; and ``shall not make a grant under this subtitle to the State to carry out a project in that community for that year. `` ``In General.--An eligible entity that receives a grant under this subtitle shall use the funds made available through the grant to hire career firefighters. The funds may only be used to increase the number of firefighters employed by the agency from the number specified under section 355. The funds may be used for salaries and benefits for the firefighters. ``Hiring Costs.-- ``Fiscal year 2002.--For fiscal year 2002, in hiring any 1 firefighter, the entity may not use more than $90,000 of such funds. ``Subsequent years.--For each subsequent fiscal year, in hiring any 1 firefighter, the entity may not use more than $90,000 of such funds, increased or decreased by the same percentage as the percentage by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (United States city average), published by the Secretary of Labor, has increased or decreased by September of the preceding fiscal year from such Index for September 2001. ``Waivers.--The Secretary may waive the requirements of paragraph or for an eligible entity. ``Supplement, not Supplant.--Funds appropriated pursuant to the authority of this subtitle shall be used to supplement and not supplant other Federal, State, and local public funds expended to hire firefighters. `` ``The Secretary may provide technical assistance to eligible entities to further the purposes of this Act. `` ``Monitoring Components.--Each project funded through a grant made under this subtitle shall contain a monitoring component, developed pursuant to regulations established by the Secretary. The monitoring required by this subsection shall include systematic identification and collection of data about the project throughout the period of the project and presentation of such data in a usable form. ``Evaluation Components.--The Secretary may require that selected grant recipients under this subtitle conduct local evaluations or participate in a national evaluation, pursuant to regulations established by the Secretary. Such local or national evaluations may include assessments of the implementation of different projects. The Secretary may require selected grant recipients under this subtitle to conduct local outcome evaluations to determine the effectiveness of projects under this subtitle. ``Periodic Reports.--The Secretary may require a grant recipient under this subtitle to submit to the Secretary the results of the monitoring and evaluations required under subsections and and such other data and information as the Secretary determines to be reasonably necessary. ``Revocation or Suspension of Funding.--If the Secretary determines, as a result of the monitoring or evaluations required by this section, or otherwise, that a grant recipient under this subtitle is not in substantial compliance with the terms and requirements of an approved grant application submitted under section 355, the Secretary may revoke the grant or suspend part or all of the funding provided under the grant. `` ``For the purpose of conducting an audit or examination of a grant recipient that carries out a project under this subtitle, the Secretary and the Comptroller General of the United States shall have access to any pertinent books, documents, papers, or records of the grant recipient and any State or local government, person, business, or other entity, that is involved in the project. `` ``Not later than September 30, 2008, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress concerning the experiences of eligible entities in carrying out projects under this subtitle, and the effects of the grants made under this subtitle. The report may include recommendations for such legislation as the Secretary may consider to be appropriate, which may include reauthorization of this subtitle. `` ``The Secretary may issue regulations to carry out this subtitle. `` ``In General.--There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subtitle-- ``$1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2002;- ``$1,030,000,000 for fiscal year 2003; ``$1,061,000,000 for fiscal year 2004; ``$1,093,000,000 for fiscal year 2005; ``$1,126,000,000 for fiscal year 2006; ``$1,159,000,000 for fiscal year 2007; and ``$1,194,000,000 for fiscal year 2008. ``Availability.--Funds appropriated under subsection for a fiscal year shall remain available until the end of the second succeeding fiscal year.''. The table of contents in section 1of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (Public Law 105-220; 112 Stat. 936) is amended, in the items relating to title III, by adding at the end the following: ``Subtitle E--Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response ``Sec. 351. Short title. ``Sec. 352. Purposes. ``Sec. 353. Definitions. ``Sec. 354. Authority to make grants. ``Sec. 355. Applications. ``Sec. 356. Use of funds. ``Sec. 357. Technical assistance. ``Sec. 358. Monitoring and evaluations. ``Sec. 359. Access to documents. ``Sec. 360. Report to Congress. ``Sec. 361. Regulations. ``Sec. 362. Authorization of appropriations.''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. staffing for adequate fire and emergency response. title iii of the workforce investment act of 1998 (public law 105- 220; 112 stat. 1080) is amended by adding at the end the following: "subtitle e--staffing for adequate response "sec. 351. short title. "this subtitle may be cited as the 'staffing-for adequate fire- emergency response act of 2001' or as the'safer act of 2002'. "Sec. 352. purposes. "the purposes of this subtitle are-- "(1) to expand on the firefighter assistance grant program under section 33 of the federal fire prevention and control act of 1974 (15 u.s.c. 2229), in order to ensure adequate funding to increase the number of firefighting personnel throughout the nation; "(2) to substantially increase the hiring of firefighters so that communities can-- " (a) meet industry minimum standards for providing adequate protection from acts of terrorism and hazards; and " (b) enhance the ability of firefighter units to save lives, save property, and effectively respond to all types of emergencies; and "(3) to promote that substantial increase in hiring by establishing a program of grants, authorized for 7 years, to provide direct funding to the number and number of volunteer firefighters throughout the United States; "(4) and to substantiallyIncrease the hiring and firefighters sothat communities can– " (c) meet the industry minimum requirements for providing sufficient protection from act of terrorism, hazards;and " (B) enhance and enhance the abilities of firefighter unit to save Lives, save Property, and effective respond to any types of disasters; and"(3)to promote that substantially increase in firing by establishing an program of grant, authorized by 7 years. " (4) grant. --the program of Grants, authorized to 7 years by establishing, to establish a program for grants,authorized for 7 year, to increase funding to states, units of local government, and indian tribal organizations for firefighter salaries and benefits. "sec." 353. definitions. "in this subtitle: "(1. eligible entity. -- the term 'eligible entity' means-- " " ( a) a state, a unit of localgovernment, a tribal organization, or another public entity; or " ( b) a multi-jurisdictional or regional consortia of entities described in subparagraph (a). "(2" firefighter. --The term 'firefighter' has the meaning given the terms 'employee in fire protection activities' in section 3 of the fair labor"(2) non-federal share. --the non-Federal share shall be provided-- " (a) in cash; " (b) in the case of a state or unit of local government, from assets received through an asset forfeiture program; or " (c) in any case of an indian organization or the bureau of indian affairs, from any federal funds made available for firefighting functions to assist a indian tribe. "(3) waiver. -- the secretary may waive the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (2) for an eligible entity. "sec. 355. applications. --sec. 354 (a), and the Secretary may waive any other requirements of paragraph (1, and (1), for an entity that is eligible to receive a grant under this subtitle. " sec. 355 (b)(3) (a)(1)(a)(2)(b) for a state, unit of government, or a federal agency, that has jurisdiction over an area with a population of less than 50,000. " (g) in general. --to be eligible to receiving a grant, an entity shall submit an application to the secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the secretary will prescribe. " " ( b) contents. --each such application shall-- "(1) include a long-term strategy and detailed implementation plan, for the hiring to be conducted under the grant, that reflects consultation with community groups and appropriate private and public agencies and reflects consideration of a statewide strategy for such hiring; "(2) specify the reasons why the entity is unable to hire sufficient firefighters to address the entity's needs, without federal assistance; "(3 (a)) specify the average number of firefighters employed by the entity during the fiscal year prior to the fiscal years for which the application is submitted; and " (B) outline the initial and planned level of community support for implementing the strategy and plan, including the level of financial and in-kind contributions or other tangible commitments; "(4) (b), specify plans for obtaining necessary support and continuing the employment of a greater number of individuals than the number specified under paragraph (3) and paragraph (4) or paragraph (5) and following the conclusion of federal assistance under this, following the completion of federal Assistance under this. " "(b) include an assurance that the entity will continue the employment and firefighters hired with funds madeavailable through the grant for at least 1 year after the end of the grant period; and "(5) include assurances thatthe funds may be used for salaries and benefits for the firefighters. " (b) hiring costs. -- "(1) fiscal year 2002.--for fiscal year 2001, in hiring any 1 firefighter, the entity may not use more than $90,000 of such funds. "(2) subsequent years. --for each subsequent fiscal year, in hire any 1 fireman, the employee may not hire more than 1 firefighter. " " (c) consumer price index. --the secretary may use such index for september of the preceding fiscal year from the corresponding index for fiscal year 2000. "(3) other fiscal years. " --the Secretary may waive the requirements of paragraph (1) or (2) for an eligible entity. "sec. 361. " the secretary may issue regulations to carry out this subtitle. --there is a requirement that the secretary of labor, published by the secretary, in the same manner as the consumer price Index for all urban consumers (united states city average), published by this subtitle, has increased or decreased by septe of the following fiscal year. "(c) other federal, state, and local public funds expended to hire firefighters. --sec. 357. technical assistance. "the secretary, the comptroller general of the united states shall provide technical assistance to eligible entities to further the purposes of this act. " sec. 358. monitoring and evaluations. --each project funded through a grant made under this subtitle shall contain a monitoring component, developed pursuant to regulations established by the Secretary. the monitoring required by this subsection shall include systematic identification and collection of data about the project throughout the period of the project and presentation of such data in a usable form. "Sec. 358 (a) technical assistance, " the Secretary may require that selected grant recipients under this section, pursuant to the secretary to conduct local or national evaluations to determine the effectiveness of projects under this title. (a,b) monitoring components. "c) monitoring and evaluation components. --when the secretary determines, as a result of the monitoring or evaluations required by the section, or otherwise, that a grant recipient under this subsection is not in substantial compliance with the terms and requirements of an approved grant application submitted under section 355, the secretary will require that select grant recipients perform local evaluations or participate in a national evaluation. such local or local evaluations may include assessments of the implementation of different projects. the secretary is require selected award recipients under the subtitle to perform local outcome evaluations to evaluate the effectiveness and projects underthis subtitle. " c) periodic reports". sec. 2. conforming amendment. the table of contents in section 1 (b) of the workforce investment act of 1998 (public law 105-220; 112 stat. 936) is amended, in the items relating to title iii, by adding at the end the following: "subtitle e--staffing for adequate fire and emergency response "sec. 351. short title. "sec, 352. purposes. ""sec. 352. definitions. " "sec" 354. authority to make grants. "Sec. 355. applications. "s. 356. use of funds. " sec. 357. technical assistance. "n. 358. monitoring and evaluations. "c. 360. report to congress. "in the report to the congress.. "</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6272850632667542</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>68</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Competitiveness Tax Credit Act''. PRODUCTIVE EQUIPMENT. Allowance of Credit.--Section 46 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to amount of investment credit) is amended by striking ``and'' at the end of paragraph , by striking the period at the end of paragraph and inserting ``, and'', and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ``the manufacturing and other productive equipment credit.'' Amount of Credit.--Section 48 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Manufacturing and Other Productive Equipment Credit.-- ``In general.--For purposes of section 46, the manufacturing and other productive equipment credit for any taxable year is an amount equal to the sum of-- ``the domestic equipment credit, and ``the nondomestic equipment credit. ``Amount of domestic and nondomestic equipment credits.--For purposes of this subsection-- ``Domestic equipment credit.-- ``In general.--The domestic equipment credit for any taxable year is 10 percent of the amount equal to the product of-- ``the domestic equipment ratio, and ``the qualified increase amount. ``Domestic equipment ratio.--The domestic equipment ratio for any taxable year is a fraction in which-- ``the numerator is the aggregate bases of the qualified manufacturing and other productive equipment properties placed in service during such taxable year which are of domestic origin, and ``the denominator is the aggregate bases of all qualified manufacturing and other productive equipment properties placed in service during such taxable year. ``Nondomestic equipment credit.-- ``In general.--The nondomestic equipment credit for any taxable year is 7 percent of the amount equal to the product of-- ``the nondomestic equipment ratio, and ``the qualified increase amount. ``Nondomestic equipment ratio.--The nondomestic equipment ratio for any taxable year is a fraction in which-- ``the numerator is the aggregate bases of the qualified manufacturing and other productive equipment properties placed in service during such taxable year which are not of domestic origin, and ``the denominator is the aggregate bases of all qualified manufacturing and other productuve equipment properties placed in service during such taxable year. ``Determination of domestic origin.-- ``In general.--Property shall be treated as being of domestic origin only if-- ``the property was completed in the United States, and ``at least 50 percent of the basis of the property is attributable to value added within the United States. ``United states.--The term `United States' includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the possessions of the United States. ``Qualified manufacturing and other productive equipment property.--For purposes of this subsection-- ``In general.--The term `qualified manufacturing and other productive equipment property' means any property-- ``which is used as an integral part of the manufacture or production of tangible personal property and increases the efficiency of the manufacturing or production process; ``which is tangible property to which section 168 applies, other than 3-year property (within the meaning of section 168), ``which is section 1245 property (as defined in section 1245), and ``the construction, reconstruction, or erection of which is completed by the taxpayer, or ``which is acquired by the taxpayer, if the original use of such property commences with the taxpayer. ``Special rule for computer software.--In the case of any computer software-- ``which is used to control or monitor a manufacturing or production process, ``which increases the efficiency of the manufacturing or production process, and ``with respect to which depreciation (or amortization in lieu of depreciation) is allowable, such software shall be treated as qualified manufacturing and other productive equipment property. ``Qualified increase amount.--For purposes of this subsection-- ``In general.--The term `qualified increase amount' means the excess (if any) of-- ``the aggregate bases of qualified manufacturing and other productive equipment properties placed in service during the taxable year, over ``the base amount. ``Base amount.--The term `base amount' means the product of-- ``the fixed-base percentage, and ``the average annual gross receipts of the taxpayer for the 4 taxable years preceding the taxable year for which the credit is being determined (in this subsection referred to as the `credit year'). ``Minimum base amount.--In no event shall the base amount be less than 50 percent of the amount determined under subparagraph . ``Fixed-base percentage.-- ``In general.--The fixed-base percentage is the percentage which the aggregate amounts described in subparagraph for taxable years beginning after December 31, 1987, and before January 1, 1993, is of the aggregate gross receipts of the taxpayer for such taxable years. ``Rounding.--The percentages determined under clause shall be rounded to the nearest \1/100\ of 1 percent. ``Other rules.--Rules similar to the rules of paragraphs and of section 41shall apply for purposes of this paragraph. ``Coordination with other credits.--This subsection shall not apply to any property to which the energy credit or rehabilitation credit would apply unless the taxpayer elects to waive the application of such credits to such property. ``Certain progress expenditure rules made applicable.-- Rules similar to rules of subsections and of section 46 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1990) shall apply for purposes of this subsection. ``Termination date.--This subsection shall not apply to any property placed in service after the expiration of the 2- year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act.'' Technical Amendments.-- Clause of section 49of such Code is amended by inserting ``or qualified manufacturing and other productive equipment property'' after ``energy property''. Subparagraph of section 50of such Code is amended by inserting ``or 48'' before the period at the end. The section heading for section 48 of such Code is amended to read as follows: `` The table of sections for subpart E of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by striking the item relating to section 48 and inserting the following: ``Sec. 48. Other credits.'' Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to-- property acquired by the taxpayer after the date of the enactment of this Act, and property the construction, reconstruction, or erection of which is completed by the taxpayer after the date of the enactment of this Act, but only to the extent of the basis thereof attributable to construction, reconstruction, or erection after such date."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "competitiveness tax credit act". sec. 2. temporary investment credit for new manufacturing and other productive equipment. (a) allowance of credit. --section 46 of the internal revenue code of 1986 (relating to amount of investment credit) is amended by striking "and" at the end of paragraph (2), by striking the period at the beginning of paragraph, and inserting ", and", and by adding at the stop the following new paragraph: "(4) the manufacturing andother productive equipment credit. " (b) amount of credit, and " (c) amountof credit. -section 48 of such code is amended. -- (c)(a) manufacturing andOther productive equipment Credit. -- "(1) in general. --for purposes of section 46, the manufacturing- otherproductive equipment credit for any taxable year is an amount equal to the sum of-- " (a" the domestic equipment credit, " (i) the domestic equities credit. "(b) the nondomestic equipment credit and "(c) the gross equipment credit (as defined in section 48 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). -- " in general, and (a)(b) gross equipment credits. -- " (1) for purposes of this subsection-- " " (ab) domestic equipment credits, and(b) nondomens equipment credit." -- "ab) the total amount of domestic and nondoment equipment credits that are available to the United States. --the domestic equipment Credit, and "(2) the aggregate amount of nondomomestic items credits. "for purposesof this subsection. --(a) Domestic equipment credit or " (d) domestic equations credit. — " (ib) in the general. -the domestic Equipment credit for all taxable years is 10 percent of the amount equalto the product of-- � (i" the product, and � (ii) the qualified increase amount. " " "i) domestic items ratio. -- the domestic Equipment ratio for any taxed year is a fraction in which-- " “ (i- the numerator is the aggregate bases of the qualified manufacturing and Other productive equipment properties placed in service during such taxable year which are of domestic origin, and ' (ii" the denominator is a aggregate bases and all qualified manufacturing-other productive property placed in services during such productive year. (b- nondomors) -- " "door equipment credit credit.-- "(i) (i, the nond" (iv) (i) the construction, reconstruction, or erection of which is completed by the taxpayer, or " (ii) which is acquired by the taxpayers, if the original use of such property commences with the taxpayer. " (b) special rule for computer software. --in the case of any computer software-- " (i" which is used to control or monitor a manufacturing or production process, " (II) which increases the efficiency of the manufacturing orproduction process, and " (iii) with respect to which depreciation (or amortization in lieu of depreciation) is allowable, such software shall be treated as qualified manufacturing and other productive equipment property. "(4) qualified increase amount. --for purposes of this subsection-- " " (a) in general. --the term 'qualified increase amount' means the excess (if any) of the aggregate bases of qualified manufacturing, and other useful equipment properties placed in service during the taxable year, over " (iv). " (v) the aggregate base amount. " "b) base amount, "the term " " "a) the term 'base amount' (if there is any excess in any of the above-mentioned terms. -- " (c) the excess in each of the four (4) taxable years preceding the taxable years, over the aggregate Base amount, and the aggregate in any case of the " (e) the gross bases of the qualified manufacturing or other productive property placed in Service during the tax year, and over " " and the base amount of " (n) the base. ", base amount and " "d) fixed-base percentage. -- the term ‘base amount’ means the product of-- " “ (i” the fixed- base percentage, and � " (ir) the average annual gross receipts of the taxpayer for the 4 taxable years beginning after december 31, 1987, and before january 1, 1993, is of the credit year'). " (f) minimum base amount." --in no event shall the base amounts be less than 50 percent of the amount determined under subparagraph (a,i). "(b) maximum-base amount. (d) " (1) fixed base percentage. (e). --the fixed-battery percentage is the percentage which the aggregate amounts described in subparagraph (1a) (I) for taxable years. --this subsection shall not apply to the aggregate gross receipts described in subsections (a), (i), and (d). --in this</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.538672149181366</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>69</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Keep Americans Working Act''. The purpose of this Act is to keep Americans working by strengthening and expanding short-time compensation programs that provide employers with an alternative to layoffs. In General.--Section 3306 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Short-time Compensation Program.--For purposes of this chapter, the term `short-time compensation program' means a program under which-- ``the participation of an employer is voluntary; ``an employer reduces the number of hours worked by employees through certifying that such reductions are in lieu of temporary layoffs; ``such employees whose workweeks have been reduced by at least 10 percent are eligible for unemployment compensation; ``the amount of unemployment compensation payable to any such employee is a pro rata portion of the unemployment compensation which would be payable to the employee if such employee were totally unemployed; ``such employees are not expected to meet the availability for work or work search test requirements while collecting short-time compensation benefits, but are required to be available for their normal workweek; ``eligible employees may participate in an employer- sponsored training program to enhance job skills if such program has been approved by the State agency; ``beginning on the date which is 2 years after the date of enactment of this subsection, the State agency shall require an employer to certify that continuation of health benefits and retirement benefits under a defined benefit pension plan (as defined in section 3of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974) is not affected by participation in the program; ``the State agency shall require an employer (or an employer's association which is party to a collective bargaining agreement) to submit a written plan describing the manner in which the requirements of this subsection will be implemented and containing such other information as the Secretary of Labor determines is appropriate; ``in the case of employees represented by a union, the appropriate official of the union has agreed to the terms of the employer's written plan and implementation is consistent with employer obligations under the National Labor Relations Act; and ``the program meets such other requirements as the Secretary of Labor determines appropriate.''. Assistance and Guidance in Implementing Programs.-- Assistance and guidance.-- In general.--In order to assist States in establishing, qualifying, and implementing short-time compensation programs, as defined in section 3306of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by subsection ), the Secretary of Labor (in this section referred to as the ``Secretary'') shall-- develop model legislative language which may be used by States in developing and enacting short-time compensation programs and shall periodically review and revise such model legislative language; provide technical assistance and guidance in developing, enacting, and implementing such programs; establish biannual reporting requirements for States, including number of averted layoffs, number of participating companies and workers, and retention of employees following participation; and award start-up grants to State agencies under subparagraph . Grants.-- In general.--The Secretary shall award start-up grants to State agencies that apply not later than September 30, 2010, in States that enact short-time compensation programs after the date of enactment of this Act for the purpose of creating such programs. The amount of such grants shall be awarded depending on the costs of implementing such programs. Eligibility.--In order to receive a grant under clause a State agency shall meet requirements established by the Secretary, including any reporting requirements under clause . Each State agency shall be eligible to receive not more than one such grant. Reporting.--The Secretary may establish reporting requirements for State agencies receiving a grant under clause in order to provide oversight of grant funds used by States for the creation of short-time compensation programs. Funding.--There are appropriated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Secretary, such sums as the Secretary certifies as necessary for the period of fiscal years 2010 and 2011 to carry out this subparagraph. Timeframe.--The initial model legislative language referred to in paragraph shall be developed not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. Reports.-- Initial report.--Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and to the President a report or reports on the implementation of this section. Such report or reports shall include-- a study of short-time compensation programs; an analysis of the significant impediments to State enactment and creation of such programs; and such recommendations as the Secretary determines appropriate. Subsequent reports.--After the submission of the report under paragraph , the Secretary may submit such additional reports on the implementation of short-time compensation programs as the Secretary deems appropriate. Funding.--There are appropriated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Secretary, $1,500,000 to carry out this subsection, to remain available without fiscal year limitation. Conforming Amendments.-- Internal revenue code of 1986.-- Subparagraph of section 3304of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ``amounts may be withdrawn for the payment of short-time compensation under a short-time compensation program (as defined in section 3306);''. Subsection of section 3306 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended-- by striking paragraph (relating to short-term compensation) and inserting the following new paragraph: ``amounts may be withdrawn for the payment of short- time compensation under a short-time compensation program (as defined in subsection );'', and by redesignating paragraph (relating to self-employment assistance program) as paragraph . Social security act.--Section 303of the Social Security Act is amended by striking ``the payment of short-time compensation under a plan approved by the Secretary of Labor'' and inserting ``the payment of short-time compensation under a short-time compensation program (as defined in section 3306of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986)''. Repeal.--Subsections through of section 401 of the Unemployment Compensation Amendments of 1992 (26 U.S.C. 3304 note) are repealed. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. PROGRAMS. Payments to States With Certified Programs.-- In general.--Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a program under which the Secretary shall make payments to any State unemployment trust fund to be used for the payment of unemployment compensation if the Secretary approves an application for certification submitted under paragraph for such State to operate a short-time compensation program (as defined in section 3306of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by section 3)) which requires the maintenance of health and retirement employee benefits as described in paragraph of such section 3306, notwithstanding the otherwise effective date of such requirement. Full reimbursement.--Subject to subsection , the payment to a State under paragraph shall be an amount equal to 100 percent of the total amount of benefits paid to individuals by the State pursuant to the short-time compensation program during the period-- beginning on the date a certification is issued by the Secretary with respect to such program; and ending on September 30, 2011. Certification requirements.-- In general.--Any State seeking full reimbursement under this subsection shall submit an application for certification at such time, in such manner, and complete with such information as the Secretary may require (whether by regulation or otherwise), including information relating to compliance with the requirements of paragraph of such section 3306. The Secretary shall, within 30 days after receiving a complete application, notify the State agency of the State of the Secretary's findings with respect to the requirements of such paragraph . Findings.--If the Secretary finds that the short-time compensation program operated by the State meets the requirements of such paragraph , the Secretary shall certify such State's short-time compensation program thereby making such State eligible for full reimbursement under this subsection. Timing of Application Submittals.--No application under subsection may be considered if submitted before the date of enactment of this Act or after the latest date necessary (as specified by the Secretary) to ensure that all payments under this section are made before September 30, 2011. Terms of Payments.--Payments made to a State under subsection shall be payable by way of reimbursement in such amounts as the Secretary estimates the State will be entitled to receive under this section for each calendar month, reduced or increased, as the case may be, by any amount by which the Secretary finds that the Secretary's estimates for any prior calendar month were greater or less than the amounts which should have been paid to the State. Such estimates may be made on the basis of such statistical, sampling, or other method as may be agreed upon by the Secretary and the State agency of the State involved. Limitations.-- General payment limitations.--No payments shall be made to a State under this section for benefits paid to an individual by the State pursuant to a short-time compensation program that is in excess of 26 weeks of benefits. Employer limitations.--No payments shall be made to a State under this section for benefits paid to an individual by the State pursuant to a short-time compensation program if such individual is employed by an employer-- whose workforce during the 3 months preceding the date of the submission of the employer's short-time compensation plan has been reduced by temporary layoffs of more than 20 percent; on a seasonal, temporary, or intermittent basis; or engaged in a labor dispute. Program payment limitation.--In making any payments to a State under this section pursuant to a short-time compensation program, the Secretary may limit the frequency of employer participation in such program. Charging Rule.--Under a short-time compensation program reimbursed under this section, a State may require short-time compensation benefits paid to an individual to be charged to a participating employer regardless of the base period charging rule. Retention Requirement.-- In general.--A participating employer under this section is required to comply with the terms of the written plan approved by the State agency and act in good faith to retain participating employees, and the State shall, in the event of any violation, require such employer to repay to the State a sum based on the amount expended by the State under the program as a result of that violation. Oversight and monitoring.--The Secretary shall establish an oversight and monitoring process by regulation by which State agencies will ensure that participating employers comply with the requirements of paragraph . Penalty remittance.--In the case of any State which receives reimbursement under this section, if such State determines that a violation of paragraph has occurred, the State shall transfer an appropriate amount to the United States of the repayment the State required of the employer pursuant to such paragraph. Funding.--There are appropriated, from time to time, out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Secretary, such sums as the Secretary certifies are necessary to carry out this section (including to reimburse any additional administrative expenses incurred by the States in operating such short-time compensation programs). Definition of State.--In this section, the term ``State'' includes the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "keep americans working act". sec. 2. purpose. the purpose of this act is to keep americans worked by strengthening and expanding short-time compensation programs that provide employers with an alternative to layoffs. sec. 3. treatment of short-term compensation programs. (a) in general. --section 3306 of the internal revenue code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: " (v) short- time compensation program. --for purposes of this chapter, the term 'short-time Compensation program' means a program under which-- "(1) the participation of an employer is voluntary; "(2) an employer reduces the number of hours worked by employees through certifying that such reductions are in lieu of temporary layoffs; "(3) such employees whose workweeks have been reduced by at least 10 percent are eligible for unemployment compensation; "(4) the amount of unemployment compensation payable to any such employee is a pro rata portion of the unemployment compensation which would be payable to the employee if such employee were totally unemployed; "(5) such employee are not expected to meet the availability for work or work search test requirements while collecting short-tim compensation benefits, but are required to be available for their normal workweek; "(6) such individuals whose workweek has been reduced or at least ten percent are ineligible for unemployment Compensation; "( 4) the amounts of unemployment Compensation payable to this such employee and the amount that is payable to that such employee would be totally unemployed, is not commensurate with the amount payable to such employee; "(7) the employee is not required to meet any of the available for work and work search tests requirements; "(8) the employees are not required for work; "(9) such workers are not obligated to meet all of the requirements for work, but they are required for their regular workweek if such employees may participate in an employer- sponsored training program to enhance job skills if such program has been approved by the state agency; "( 7) beginning on the date which is 2 years after the date of enactment of this subsection, the state agencies shall require an employer to certify that continuation of health benefits and retirement benefits under a defined benefit pension plan (as defined in section 3(35) of the employee retirement income security act of 1974) is not affected by participation in the program; "(10) the state worker may participate for their workweek in a designated workweek, or an employer's association which is partygrant. (iii) reporting. --the secretary may establish reporting requirements for state agencies receiving a grant under clause (i) in order to provide oversight of grant funds used by states for the creation of short-time compensation programs. (iv) funding. --there are appropriated, out of any moneys in the treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the secretary, such sums as the secretary certifies as necessary for the period of fiscal years 2010 and 2011 to carry out this subparagraph. (2) timeframe. -- the initial model legislative language referred to in paragraph (1) (a) shall be developed not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this act. (c) reports. -- (1- initial report. --not later than 4 years after the Date of enactmentof this act, the secretary shall submit to congress and to the president a report or reports on the implementation of this section. such report or report shall include-- (a)(a) a study of the significant impediments to state enactment and creation of such programs; (b) an analysis of the major impediments and such recommendations as the Secretary determines appropriate. (1)(b) reports, and (c)(2) subsequent reports. -after the submission of the report under paragraph (a), the secretary may submit to Congress and to President a report on the implementing of this provision. such Report or reports shall include– (a” a study and analysis of short time compensation programs; “b) a analysis of what the significant obstacles to state enact and creation and such programs should be; and “c) such recommendations and the secretary determines appropriate." (2 (2- subsequent reports). --after the filing of the Report under paragraph 20 (1), the Secretary may submit such additional reports onthe implementation of short -time compensation program as the state deems appropriate. and (3) funding, --there have appropriated, in of any boneys and in the Treasury not otherwise authorized, to be necessary for this section, $1,500,000 to the Secretary, $ 1,500-000 to carryout this subsection, to remain available without fiscal year limitation. (d) conforming amendments. --(1) internal revenue code of 1986.-- (a" subparagraph (e) of section 3304 (a(4) of the internal revenue codes of 1986 is amended to read as follows: " (e (d-d) amounts may be withdrawn for the payment of short the time compensation under a short- time(2) full reimbursement. --subject to subsection (d), the payment to a state under paragraph (1) shall be an amount equal to 100 percent of the total amount of benefits paid to individuals by the state pursuant to the short-time compensation program during the period-- (a) beginning on the date a certification is issued by the secretary with respect to such program; and (b) ending on september 30, 2011. (3) certification requirements. -- (a)(1) in general. --any state seeking full reimbursement under this subsection shall submit an application for certification at such time, in such manner, and complete with such information as the secretary may require (whether by regulation or otherwise), including information relating to compliance with the requirements of paragraph (7) of such section 3306 (v). the secretary shall, within 30 days after receiving a complete application, notify the state agency of the state of the secretary's findings with respect thereto, and the secretary will certify such state as a state eligible for full reimbursement, thereby making such state eligible to receive full reimbursement as a result of such state under this section. (a,b) findings. --if the secretary finds that a state is required to comply with requirements under paragraph 3306, or the secretary is required by regulation to certify the state under such section, and such state shall certify such states as a member of the United States of America. (c) timing of application submittals. --no application under subsection (1)(3) may be considered if submitted before the date of enactment of this act or after the latest date necessary (as specified by the Secretary) to ensure that all payments under this act. (d) terms of payments. --the secretary shall certify that the state is eligible for a state's short-term compensation program. (e) time of payment. (f) time-of-payment. --(a) time period. --a time period of payment shall be payable by way of reimbursement in such amounts as the Secretary estimates the state will be entitled to receive under this sections for each calendar month, reduced or increased, as the case may be, by any amount by which the secretary determines that the secretary estimates the amount of payments under the section. --each calendar month may be made on the basis of such statistical, sampling, or other method as may be agreed upon by the secretaries. (g) time periods. (h) time. --payments made to the state. --payment to a State under this periodstate shall transfer an appropriate amount to the united states of the repayment the state required of the employer pursuant to such paragraph. (g) funding. --there are appropriated, from time to time, out of any moneys in the treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the secretary, such sums as the secretary certifies are necessary to carry out this section (including to reimburse any additional administrative expenses incurred by the states in operating such short-time compensation programs). (h) definition of state. --in this section, the term "state" includes the district of columbia, the commonwealth of puerto rico, and the virgin islands. (i) definition and definition of the state. (ii) term "states" includes all of the states. (iii) definition. -- in this section includes the districts of colombia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin islands.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6894240379333496</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>70</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Prescription Drug Fairness for Seniors Act of 1998''. Findings.--The Congress finds the following: Manufacturers of prescription drugs engage in price discrimination practices that compel many older Americans to pay substantially more for prescription drugs than the drug manufacturers' most favored customers, such as health insurers, health maintenance organizations, and the Federal Government. On average, older Americans who buy their own prescription drugs pay twice as much for prescription drugs as the drug manufacturers' most favored customers. In some cases, older Americans pay over 15 times more for prescription drugs than the most favored customers. The discriminatory pricing by major drug manufacturers sustains their annual profits of $20,000,000,000, but causes financial hardship and impairs the health and well-being of millions of older Americans. More than one in eight older Americans are forced to choose between buying their food and buying their medicines. Most federally funded health care programs, including Medicaid, the Veterans Health Administration, the Public Health Service, and the Indian Health Service, obtain prescription drugs for their beneficiaries at low prices. Medicare beneficiaries are denied this benefit and cannot obtain their prescription drugs at the favorable prices available to other federally funded health care programs. It has been estimated that implementation of the policy set forth in this Act will reduce prescription prices for Medicare beneficiaries by more than 40 percent. In addition to substantially lowering health care costs for older Americans, implementation of the policy set forth in this Act will significantly improve the health and well-being of older Americans and lower the costs to the Federal taxpayer of the Medicare program. Purpose.--The purpose of this Act is to protect Medicare beneficiaries from discriminatory pricing by drug manufacturers and to make prescription drugs available to Medicare beneficiaries at substantially reduced prices, by allowing pharmacies to purchase drugs for Medicare beneficiaries at the substantially reduced price available under the Federal Supply Schedule. The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall furnish to each Medicare beneficiary a drug benefit card that enables the beneficiary to purchase covered prescription drugs from participating pharmacies at reduced prices pursuant to section 4. Agreements to Participate.--Any qualified pharmacy may enter into an agreement with the Secretary that enables the pharmacy to sell covered outpatient drugs to holders of Medicare drug benefit cards at a reduced price, by authorizing the pharmacy to operate as a participating pharmacy under this Act. Right of Participating Pharmacies To Obtain Drugs.--An agreement under this section shall entitle the participating pharmacy to purchase any covered outpatient drug that is listed on the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration at the participating pharmacy discount price for that drug determined under subsection . Quantity of Drugs Purchased.--An agreement under this section shall permit the participating pharmacy to purchase under this Act as much of a covered outpatient drug as is sold by the pharmacy to holders of Medicare drug benefit cards. Participating Pharmacy Discount Price.-- In general.--The Secretary shall determine a participating pharmacy discount price for each covered outpatient drug. Determination.--The participating pharmacy discount price for a covered outpatient drug shall be determined by adding-- the price at which the drug is available to Federal agencies from the Federal Supply Schedule under section 8126 of title 38, United States Code; plus an amount that reflects the administrative costs incurred by the Secretary in administering this Act. In General.--The Secretary shall administer this Act in a manner that uses existing methods of obtaining and distributing drugs to the maximum extent possible, consistent with efficiency and cost effectiveness. Regulations.--The Secretary shall issue such regulations as may be necessary to implement this Act. In General.--Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall report to the Congress regarding the effectiveness of this Act in-- protecting Medicare beneficiaries from discriminatory pricing by drug manufacturers; and making prescription drugs available to Medicare beneficiaries at substantially reduced prices. Consultation.--In preparing such reports, the Secretary shall consult with public health experts, affected industries, organizations representing consumers and older Americans, and other interested persons. Recommendations.--The Secretary shall include in such reports any recommendations they consider appropriate for changes in this Act to further reduce the cost of covered outpatient drugs to Medicare beneficiaries. In this Act: Covered outpatient drug.--The term ``covered outpatient drug'' has the meaning given that term in section 1927of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r-8). Medicare beneficiary.--The term ``Medicare beneficiary'' means an individual entitled to benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or enrolled under part B of such title, or both. Medicare drug benefit card.--The term ``Medicare drug benefit card'' means such a card issued under section 3. Secretary.--The term ``Secretary'' means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. The Secretary shall implement this Act as expeditiously as practicable and in a manner consistent with the obligations of the United States."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "prescription drug fairness for seniors act of 1998". sec. 2. findings and purposes. (a) findings. --the congress finds the following: (1) manufacturers of prescription drugs engage in price discrimination practices that compel many older americans to pay substantially more for prescription drugs than the drug manufacturers' most favored customers, such as health insurers, health maintenance organizations, and the federal government. sec. 8. effective date. the secretary shall implement this act as expeditiously as practicable and in a manner consistent with the obligations of the united states. (2) in some cases, older american pay over 15 times more for the drug than the most favored customer. (3) the discriminatory pricing by major drug manufacturers sustains their annual profits of $20,000,000. (4) in the United States, more than half of the cost of the prescription drugs is due to the cost and benefits of the drugs. (5) in most cases, the cost or benefits of these prescription drugs are more than 10 times the cost to the federal taxpayer of the drug manufacturer. (6) in many cases, most federally funded health care programs are denied this benefit. medicare beneficiaries are denied the benefit and cannot obtain their prescription drugs at the favorable prices available to other federally funded Health care programs. more than one in eight older america are forced to choose between buying their food and buying their medicines. (7) in addition to substantially lowering health care costs for older americas, (including medicaid, the veterans health administration, the public health service, and la indian health service) obtain prescription drugs for their beneficiaries at low prices. medicares beneficiaries are excluded this benefit and can obtain their drug drugs at a favorable prices.Medicare beneficiaries --the purpose of this act is to protect medicare patients from discriminatory pricing. medicaria beneficiaries are prevented from obtaining prescription drugs by drug manufacturers at substantially reduced prices. -- the secretary of health and human services shall implement the policy set forth in this act will reduce prescription prices for medicare beneficiary by more than 40 percent. (8) in fact, the secretary will implement this law. (9) the secretary may enter into an agreement with the secretary that enables the pharmacy to sell covered outpatient drugs to holders of medicare drug benefit cards at a reduced price. (10) in general. (11) in particular. (12) in other states. --an agreement under this act. (13) in specific. --</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6723436713218689</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>71</ROW><BILL>"Short Title.--This Act may be cited as the ``Energy Freedom and Economic Prosperity Act''. Reference to 1986 Code.--Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Table of Contents.--The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents; etc. TITLE I--REPEAL OF ENERGY TAX SUBSIDIES Sec. 101. Repeal of credit for alcohol fuel, biodiesel, and alternative fuel mixtures. Sec. 102. Early termination of credit for qualified fuel cell motor vehicles. Sec. 103. Early termination of new qualified plug-in electric drive motor vehicles. Sec. 104. Repeal of alternative fuel vehicle refueling property credit. Sec. 105. Repeal of credit for alcohol used as fuel. Sec. 106. Repeal of credit for biodiesel and renewable diesel used as fuel. Sec. 107. Repeal of enhanced oil recovery credit. Sec. 108. Termination of credit for electricity produced from certain renewable resources. Sec. 109. Repeal of credit for producing oil and gas from marginal wells. Sec. 110. Termination of credit for production from advanced nuclear power facilities. Sec. 111. Repeal of credit for carbon dioxide sequestration. Sec. 112. Termination of energy credit. Sec. 113. Repeal of qualifying advanced coal project. Sec. 114. Repeal of qualifying gasification project credit. TITLE II--REDUCTION OF CORPORATE INCOME TAX RATE Sec. 201. Corporate income tax rate reduced. TITLE I--REPEAL OF ENERGY TAX SUBSIDIES FUEL MIXTURES. In General.--Section 6426 is repealed. Conforming Amendments.-- Paragraph of section 4101is amended by striking ``or alcohol (as defined in section 6426''. Paragraph of section 4104is amended by striking ``6426, or 6427''. Section 6427 is amended by striking subsection . Subparagraph of section 7704is amended-- by inserting ``(as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Energy Freedom and Economic Prosperity Act)'' after ``of section 6426'', and by inserting ``(as so in effect)'' after ``section 6426''. Paragraph of section 9503is amended by striking the second sentence. Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections for subchapter B of chapter 65 is amended by striking the item relating to section 6426. Effective.-- In general.--Except as provided in paragraph , the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to fuel sold and used after the date of the enactment of this Act. Liquefied hydrogen.--In the case of any alternative fuel or alternative fuel mixture (as defined in subsection or of section 6426 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as in effect before its repeal by this Act) involving liquefied hydrogen, the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to fuel sold and used after September 30, 2014. VEHICLES. In General.--Section 30B is repealed. Conforming Amendments.-- Subparagraph of section 24is amended by striking ``, 30B''. Paragraph of section 25Bis amended by striking ``, 30B,''. Subsection of section 38 is amended by striking paragraph . Subsection of section 1016 is amended by striking paragraph and by redesignating paragraphs and as paragraphs and , respectively. Subsection of section 6501 is amended by striking ``, 30B''. Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections for subpart B of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 30B. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2014. MOTOR VEHICLES. In General.--Section 30D is repealed. Effective Date.--The amendment made by this section shall apply to vehicles placed in service after the date of the enactment of this Act. In General.--Section 30C is repealed. Conforming Amendments.-- Subsection of section 38 is amended by striking paragraph . Paragraph of section 55is amended by striking ``, 30C,''. Subsection of section 1016, as amended by section 102 of this Act, is amended by striking paragraph and by redesignating paragraph as paragraph . Subsection of section 6501 is amended by striking ``, 30C''. Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections for subpart B of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 30C. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after the date of the enactment of this Act. In General.--Section 40 is repealed. Conforming Amendments.-- Subsection of section 38 is amended by striking paragraph . Subsection of section 196 is amended by striking paragraph and by redesignating paragraphs through as paragraphs through , respectively. Paragraph of section 4101is amended by striking ``, and every person producing cellulosic biofuel (as defined in section 40)''. Paragraph of section 4104is amended by striking ``, 40''. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to fuel sold or used after the date of the enactment of this Act. FUEL. In General.--Section 40A is repealed. Conforming Amendment.-- Subsection of section 38 is amended by striking paragraph . Section 87 is repealed. Subsection of section 196, as amended by section 105 of this Act, is amended by striking paragraph and by redesignating paragraphs , , and as paragraphs , , and , respectively. Paragraph of section 4101is amended by striking ``, every person producing or importing biodiesel (as defined in section 40A''. Paragraph of section 4104is amended by striking ``, and 40A''. Subparagraph of section 7704is amended by inserting ``(as so in effect)'' after ``section 40A''. Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections for subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 40A. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to fuel produced, and sold or used, after the date of the enactment of this Act. In General.--Section 43 is repealed. Conforming Amendments.-- Subsection of section 38 is amended by striking paragraph . Paragraph of section 45Qis amended by inserting ``(as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Energy Freedom and Economic Prosperity Act)'' after ``section 43''. Subsection of section 196, as amended by sections 105 and 106 of this Act, is amended by striking paragraph and by redesignating paragraphs through as paragraphs through , respectively. Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections for subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 43. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to costs paid or incurred after December 31, 2014. RENEWABLE RESOURCES. Wind.--Subsection of section 45 is amended by striking ``January 1, 2014'' in paragraph and inserting ``the date of the enactment of the Energy Freedom and Economic Prosperity Act''. Indian Coal.--Subparagraph of section 45is amended by striking ``8-year period'' each place it appears and inserting ``7- year period''. Effective Date.-- Wind.--The amendment made by subsection shall apply to property placed in service after the date of the enactment of this Act. Indian coal.--The amendments made by subsection shall apply to coal produced after December 31, 2012. Other qualified energy resources.--For termination of other qualified energy resources for property placed in service after December 31, 2013, see section 45 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. WELLS. In General.--Section 45I is repealed. Conforming Amendment.--Subsection of section 38 is amended by striking paragraph . Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections for subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 45I. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to production in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2014. POWER FACILITIES. In General.--Subparagraph of section 45Jis amended by striking ``January 1, 2021'' and inserting ``January 1, 2015''. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2014. In General.--Section 45Q is repealed. Effective Date.--The amendment made by this section shall apply to carbon dioxide captured after December 31, 2014. In General.--Section 48 is amended-- by striking ``January 1, 2017'' each place it appears and inserting ``January 1, 2015'', and by striking ``December 31, 2016'' each place it appears and inserting ``December 31, 2014''. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2014. In General.--Section 48A is repealed. Conforming Amendment.--Section 46 is amended by striking paragraph and by redesignating paragraphs , , and as paragraphs , , and , respectively. Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections for subpart E of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 48A. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2014. In General.--Section 48B is repealed. Conforming Amendment.--Section 46, as amended by this Act, is amended by striking paragraph and by redesignating paragraphs and as paragraphs and , respectively. Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections for subpart E of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 48B. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2014. TITLE II--REDUCTION OF CORPORATE INCOME TAX RATE In General.--Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe a rate of tax in lieu of the rates under paragraphs and of section 11, section 1201, and paragraphs , , and of section 1445to such a flat rate as the Secretary estimates would result in-- a decrease in revenue to the Treasury for taxable years beginning during the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, equal to the increase in revenue for such taxable years by reason of the amendments made by title I of this Act. Effective Date.--The rate prescribed by the Secretary under subsection shall apply to taxable years beginning more than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title; table of contents; etc. (a) short title. --this act may be cited as the "energy freedom and economic prosperity act". (b) reference to 1986 code. --except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section of other provision of the internal revenue code of 1986. (c) tables of contents. --the table of content for this act is as follows: sec. 1.short title; tables of content; etc., title i--repeal of energy tax subsidies sec. 101. repeal of credit for alcohol fuel, biodiesel, and alternative fuel mixtures. sec. 102. early termination of credit. sec, 102. credit for qualified fuel cell motor vehicles. sec., 102. late termination of new qualified plug-in electric drive motor vehicles and sec. 104. repealive fuel vehicle refueling property credit. Sec. 105. repealof credit for alternative fuel vehicle fueling property credit, sec. 105, repeal of credits for alcohol used as fuel. sec,. 106. repealary of credit of biodiesel and renewable diesel used as Fuel. sec.. 107. early termin of credit to qualified fuel cells motor vehicles, sec., 103. early cancellation of new qualifying plug-ins electric drive vehicle vehicles. -- sec. 103. replacement of newqualified plug-out electric drive electric drive mixtures and sec., 104. replace of alternative fuel vessel refueling properties credit. -- 105. replaceive credit for ethanol used asfuel. sec." 106. change of credit credit for gasoline used as a fuel. net. 106. repealed of credit in biodiesel fuel and renewable fuel used as energy. sec... 107. repeal. repealOf enhanced oil recovery credit. net, 108. termination of Credit for electricity produced from certain renewable resources. sec? 109. repeal OF credit for producing oil and gas from marginal wells. sec … 110. terminationof credit. dep. 111. repeal for production from advanced nuclear power facilities. sec… 111. change. credit of carbon dioxide sequestration. sec - 113. termination OF energy credit. grad. 113. repeal Of qualifying advanced coal project. sec; 114. repeal de qualifying gasification project credit. title ii--reduction of corporate income tax rate sec. 201. corporate income taxed rate reduced. title i --repealof credit --the credit for electricity producing from(a) of section 24 (b)(3) is amended by striking ", 30b". (2) paragraph (2)(2) of sections 25b(g) and by redesignating paragraphs (25) as paragraph (25), and (26), respectively. (3) subsection (b) of the section 25b (g) (c) is amend by striking " 30b(h)(9)". (4) paragraph 2) of paragraph (b, of section 55 (c), is amended, striking ", and (25). (4, subsection (a) and section 1016, as amended by section 102 of this act, is amended in section 102. (1) section 102 (a), as amended as section 102of this act. sec. 106. repeal of credit for biodiesel and renewable diesel used as fuel. (a, in general. --section 30c is repealed. (b. conforming amendments. -- (1,2) section 87 is repealed, as well as redesignating paragraph (11) as paragraphs (11), (12), and "13", respectively. --the amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after december 31, 2014. Sec. 104. repeal and replacement of fuel vehicle refueling property credit for fuel sold or used after the date of the enactment of the act. (e) in general, sec. 103. early termination of new qualified plug-in electric drive motor vehicles. (i) ingeneral. —section 30d is repealed and (b" effective date. -- the amendment made by the item relating to fuel used in section 30d. (c. (d) effective date and sec. 105. repeal or credit for alcohol used as fuels. (2,3) and (13) as credits (14) and "16) and 17). sec. 102. change of credit to biodiesel (as amended by paragraph (26). (b-1) conforming amendment. -- section 38 is amended. (5) paragraph 1 (b (26) is repealed by striking ". (2" paragraph (3" of section 25 (b(c) ) is amended) and the redesignating ", 30c (d)(2),". (6) subsection a) of chapter 1016 is amended (1). (3, paragraph (a-35) andby redesignating page (35) as section (35). (6, paragraph) of cross 6501 is amended "1" and "repeal of enhanced oil recovery credit. (a) in general. --section 43 is repealed. (b) conforming amendments. -- (1) subsection (b- of section 38 is amended by striking paragraph (6). (2) paragraph (4) of section 45q (d) is amended. --the amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after december 31, 2014. sec. 108. termination of credit for electricity produced from certain renewable resources. --subsection (b)(b) of sections 45q and 45j (d)(1) are amended by inserting "(as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the energy freedom and economic prosperity act)" after "section 43 (c)(2)". (3) subsection and (c) of paragraph (5) of part 196, as amended by sections 105 and 106 of this act, is amended and by striking paragraphs (5, and by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (12) as paragraphs (7) and (11), respectively. (c. clerical amendment. -- the table of sections for subpart d of part iv of subchapter a of chapter 1 is amended, striking the item relating to section 43. (d. effective date. --a) carbon dioxide sequestration. (e)(1), (2), (3), (4), (5), and (4,6) other qualified energy resources. (1,2) indian coal. (2,3) --subparagraph (a, d) and inserting "january 1, 2014" in paragraph (1), and inserting (5-year period" each place it appears and (7- year period). (c,1) wind. (3,2, (3-year) india coal. —subsection and section 45 (e) shall apply as amended to property located in service before december 1, 2012. (4-year, and (5). (6,7-year periods). (1.1) indians coal. --(a) conformation amendments. (6.2) (a), (a)(1,3), and(4) otherqualified energy resources, (2.3) (3.4) (4.4, and(5,6), (7,8,9) (1-year-and (5.6) in terms of the internal revenue code of 1986. (7.1,1,6--the table of sections for subpart e of part iv of subchapter a of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 48a. (d) effective date. --the amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after december 31, 2014. sec. 114. repeal of qualifying gasification project credit. (a) in general. --section 48b is repealed. (b) conforming amendment. —section 46, as amended by this act, is amendedby striking paragraph (3) and by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (3, and (4), respectively. (c) clerical amendment. -- the table of section for subPart e of Part iv of Subchapter a- chapter 1. (f) effective Date. --sections 48b and 48b are repealed. --as amended by strike the items relating to the items under section 48b. (1) and(2) respectively. title ii--reduction of corporate income tax rate sec. 201. corporate income taxes rate reduced. (3-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this act. --not later than 1 year after the date, the secretary of the treasury shall prescribe a rate of tax in lieu of the rates prescribed by title i of the tax code. (2) and the rates under paragraphs (a), and paragraphs (1), (2), and (6) of section 1445 (e) to such a flat rate as the secretary estimates would result in-- (1- a decrease in revenue to the treasury for taxable years beginning during the 10-year periods beginning on-the date of this Act, equal to (2- the increase in revenue for such taxable years by reason of the amendments made. (4-a) the rate prescribed by the secretary under paragraphs 1) and a2) of sections 11 (b), section 1201 (a, and paragraphs 1), (1, (2, and) to the rate of section 1545 (f). (6-a flat rate) shall result in the flat rate. --a decrease in the revenue to be received by the treasury and the treasury will be equal to the revenue for taxable year beginning during (1 year) and for the 10 years period beginning in the date after the enactment. (B) the revenue will be received as a result of the amendment made by title ii of this bill. (5-a, (b, and the rate as described by title</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6394148468971252</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>72</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Treatment of Children's Deformities Act of 1998''. OR DISORDER. Group Health Plans.-- Public health service act amendments.--Subpart 2 of part A of title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act, as amended by section 703of Public Law 104-204, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: `` CONGENITAL OR DEVELOPMENTAL DEFORMITY OR DISORDER. ``Requirements for Reconstructive Surgery.-- ``In general.--A group health plan, and a health insurance issuer offering group health insurance coverage, that provides coverage for surgical benefits shall provide coverage for outpatient and inpatient diagnosis and treatment of a minor child's congenital or developmental deformity, disease, or injury. A minor child shall include any individual through 21 years of age. ``Requirements.--Any coverage provided under paragraph shall be subject to pre-authorization or pre-certification as required by the plan or issuer, and such coverage shall include any surgical treatment which, in the opinion of the treating physician, is medically necessary to approximate a normal appearance. ``Treatment defined.-- ``In general.--In this section, the term `treatment' includes reconstructive surgical procedures (procedures that are generally performed to improve function, but may also be performed to approximate a normal appearance) that are performed on abnormal structures of the body caused by congenital defects, developmental abnormalities, trauma, infection, tumors, or disease, including-- ``procedures that do not materially affect the function of the body part being treated; and ``procedures for secondary conditions and follow-up treatment. ``Exception.--Such term does not include cosmetic surgery performed to reshape normal structures of the body to improve appearance or self-esteem. ``Notice.--A group health plan under this part shall comply with the notice requirement under section 713of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 with respect to the requirements of this section as if such section applied to such plan.''. Section 2723of such Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg-23), as amended by section 604of Public Law 104-204, is amended by striking ``section 2704'' and inserting ``sections 2704 and 2706''. ERISA amendments.--Subpart B of part 7 of subtitle B of title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended by section 702of Public Law 104-204, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: `` OR DEVELOPMENTAL DEFORMITY OR DISORDER. ``Requirements for Reconstructive Surgery.-- ``In general.--A group health plan, and a health insurance issuer offering group health insurance coverage, that provides coverage for surgical benefits shall provide coverage for outpatient and inpatient diagnosis and treatment of a minor child's congenital or developmental deformity, disease, or injury. A minor child shall include any individual through 21 years of age. ``Requirements.--Any coverage provided under paragraph shall be subject to pre-authorization or pre-certification as required by the plan or issuer, and such coverage shall include any surgical treatment which, in the opinion of the treating physician, is medically necessary to approximate a normal appearance. ``Treatment defined.-- ``In general.--In this section, the term `treatment' includes reconstructive surgical procedures (procedures that are generally performed to improve function, but may also be performed to approximate a normal appearance) that are performed on abnormal structures of the body caused by congenital defects, developmental abnormalities, trauma, infection, tumors, or disease, including-- ``procedures that do not materially affect the function of the body part being treated; and ``procedures for secondary conditions and follow-up treatment. ``Exception.--Such term does not include cosmetic surgery performed to reshape normal structures of the body to improve appearance or self-esteem. ``Notice Under Group Health Plan.--The imposition of the requirements of this section shall be treated as a material modification in the terms of the plan described in section 102, for purposes of assuring notice of such requirements under the plan; except that the summary description required to be provided under the last sentence of section 104with respect to such modification shall be provided by not later than 60 days after the first day of the first plan year in which such requirements apply.''. Section 731of such Act (29 U.S.C. 1191), as amended by section 603of Public Law 104-204, is amended by striking ``section 711'' and inserting ``sections 711 and 713''. Section 732of such Act (29 U.S.C. 1191a), as amended by section 603of Public Law 104-204, is amended by striking ``section 711'' and inserting ``sections 711 and 713''. The table of contents in section 1 of such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 712 the following new item: ``Sec. 713. Standards relating to benefits for minor child's congenital or developmental deformity or disorder.''. Internal revenue code amendments.--Subchapter B of chapter 100 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended by section 1531of the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997) is amended-- in the table of sections, by inserting after the item relating to section 9812 the following new item: ``Sec. 9813. Standards relating to benefits for minor child's congenital or developmental deformity or disorder.''; and by inserting after section 9812 the following: `` CONGENITAL OR DEVELOPMENTAL DEFORMITY OR DISORDER. ``Requirements for Reconstructive Surgery.-- ``In general.--A group health plan, and a health insurance issuer offering group health insurance coverage, that provides coverage for surgical benefits shall provide coverage for outpatient and inpatient diagnosis and treatment of a minor child's congenital or developmental deformity, disease, or injury. A minor child shall include any individual through 21 years of age. ``Requirements.--Any coverage provided under paragraph shall be subject to pre-authorization or pre-certification as required by the plan or issuer, and such coverage shall include any surgical treatment which, in the opinion of the treating physician, is medically necessary to approximate a normal appearance. ``Treatment defined.-- ``In general.--In this section, the term `treatment' includes reconstructive surgical procedures (procedures that are generally performed to improve function, but may also be performed to approximate a normal appearance) that are performed on abnormal structures of the body caused by congenital defects, developmental abnormalities, trauma, infection, tumors, or disease, including-- ``procedures that do not materially affect the function of the body part being treated; and ``procedures for secondary conditions and follow-up treatment. ``Exception.--Such term does not include cosmetic surgery performed to reshape normal structures of the body to improve appearance or self-esteem.''. Individual Health Insurance.--Part B of title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act, as amended by section 605of Public Law 104-204, is amended by inserting after section 2751 the following new section: `` CONGENITAL OR DEVELOPMENTAL DEFORMITY OR DISORDER. ``Requirements for Reconstructive Surgery.-- ``In general.--A group health plan, and a health insurance issuer offering group health insurance coverage, that provides coverage for surgical benefits shall provide coverage for outpatient and inpatient diagnosis and treatment of a minor child's congenital or developmental deformity, disease, or injury. A minor child shall include any individual through 21 years of age. ``Requirements.--Any coverage provided under paragraph shall be subject to pre-authorization or pre-certification as required by the plan or issuer, and such coverage shall include any surgical treatment which, in the opinion of the treating physician, is medically necessary to approximate a normal appearance. ``Treatment defined.-- ``In general.--In this section, the term `treatment' includes reconstructive surgical procedures (procedures that are generally performed to improve function, but may also be performed to approximate a normal appearance) that are performed on abnormal structures of the body caused by congenital defects, developmental abnormalities, trauma, infection, tumors, or disease, including-- ``procedures that do not materially affect the function of the body part being treated; and ``procedures for secondary conditions and follow-up treatment. ``Exception.--Such term does not include cosmetic surgery performed to reshape normal structures of the body to improve appearance or self-esteem. ``Notice.--A health insurance issuer under this part shall comply with the notice requirement under section 713of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 with respect to the requirements referred to in subsection as if such section applied to such issuer and such issuer were a group health plan.''. Section 2762of such Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg-62), as added by section 605of Public Law 104-204, is amended by striking ``section 2751'' and inserting ``sections 2751 and 2752''. Effective Dates.--The amendments made by subsection shall apply with respect to group health plans for plan years beginning on or after January 1, 1999. The amendment made by subsection shall apply with respect to health insurance coverage offered, sold, issued, renewed, in effect, or operated in the individual market on or after such date. Coordinated Regulations.--Section 104of Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 is amended by striking ``this subtitle (and the amendments made by this subtitle and section 401)'' and inserting ``the provisions of part 7 of subtitle B of title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the provisions of parts A and C of title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act, and chapter 100 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "treatment of children's deformities act of 1998". sec. 2. coverage of minor child's congenital or developmental deformity or disorder. (a) group health plans. -- (1) public health service act amendments. -- 1a) subpart 2 of part a of title xxvii of the public health care act, as amended by section 703 (a)(a) of public law 104-204, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: "sec. 2706. standards relating to benefits for minor child’s congenital and developmental deformities or disorder, and such coverage shall include any surgical treatment which, in the opinion of the treating physician, is medically necessary to approximate a normal appearance. "(3) treatment defined. -- "(1) in general. --a group health plan, and a health insurance issuer offering group health insurance coverage, that provides coverage for surgical benefits shall provide coverage for outpatient and inpatient diagnosis and treatment of a minor child, congenital deformity, disease, or injury. " (a minor child shall include 21 years of age. "(2) requirements. --any coverage provided under paragraph (1)(1) shall be subject to pre-authorization or pre-certification as required by the plan or issuer, and the procedure that is performed to improve function, that may also be performed to approximate the normal appearance, and that may be performed on abnormal structures of the body caused by congenital defects, developmental abnormalities, trauma, infection, tumors, or disease, including-- " (i) procedures that do not materially affect the function of the patient's body, that are performed on the body part being treated; and " (ii) procedures for secondary conditions and follow-up treatment. " " (b) treatment. -- " (1). --in this section, the term 'treatment' includes reconstructive surgical procedures (procedures that are generally performed to increase function, but may also been performed to approx a normal body). " (2) treatment, " (3) procedure for secondary condition and follow up treatment. "(b) procedure. --(a) procedure, " " " in general." --a procedure that does not materially impact the function or self-esteem. --the term "treatment" does not include cosmetic surgery performed to reshape normal structures of a body to improve appearance or body. "b) notice. -- a group health care plan under this part" (i) procedures that do not materially affect the function of the body part being treated; and " (ii) procedures for secondary conditions and follow-up treatment. " (b) exception. --such term does not include cosmetic surgery performed to reshape normal structures of the bodies to improve appearance or self-esteem. " " (a) notice under group health plan. --the imposition of the requirements of this section shall be treated as a material modification in the terms of the plan described in section 102 (a)(1), for purposes of assuring notice of such requirements under the plan; except that the summary description required to be provided under the last sentence of section 104 (b)(1) with respect to such modification shall be provided by not later than 60 days after the first day of the first plan year in which such requirements apply. ". (b, section 731 (c) of such act (29 u.s.c. 1191 (c)), as amended by section 603 (b(1) of public law 104-204, is amended by striking "section 711" and inserting "sections 711 and 713". " (d) section 732 (a, of such acts (29 U.s.-c.1191a (a)), as modified by section 703 (c)(2) of the public law 1011 (b), as amendedby section 604 (b (1) and inserting (b-1) in public law 106-204) is amended. (c), the table of contents in section 1 of the act is amended with striking "sections 611"and inserting "Section 711-713". (c” section 711 (a). (d). --subchapter 731(a) of any act ( 29 u.ss.c.) 1191a, as amended(b)(2). --as amended by public law 107-204. --subparagraph 711a (b). is amendedby striking "Section 611-1" and insertion "sections711 and seven13". "(d) the tableof contents in sections 1 of such Act is amended, by inserting after the item relating to section 712 the following new item: "sec. 713. standards relating to benefits for minor child's congenital or developmental deformity or disorder. ".(3) internal revenue code amendments. --Subchapter b of chapter 100 of the internal revenue Code of 1986 (as amended) of section 1531 (a(a) of public law 104-204, is amended by inserting after section 2751 the following new section: "sec. 2752. standards relating to benefits for minor child's congenital or developmental deformity or disorder. " (a) requirements for reconstructive surgery. -- "(1) in general. --a group health plan, and a health insurance issuer offering group health insurance coverage, that provides coverage for surgical benefits shall provide coverage for outpatient and inpatient diagnosis and treatment of a minor child with congenital and developmental deformities, disease, or injury. a minor minor child shall include any individual through 21 years of age. "(2) requirements. --any coverage provided under paragraph (1) shall be subject to pre-authorization or pre-certification as required by the plan or issuer, and such coverage shall be any surgical treatment which, in the opinion of the treating physician, is medically necessary to approximate a normal appearance. "(3) treatment defined. -- " (b) in the term 'treatment' includes reconstructive surgical procedures (procedures that are generally performed to improve function, but may also be performed to approximate an abnormal appearance) that are performed on abnormal structures of the body caused by congenital defects, developmental abnormalities, trauma, infection, tumors, or disease, including-- " (i) procedures that do not materially affect the function of the patient's body part being treated; and " (ii) procedures for secondary conditions and follow-up treatment. " "(b) exception. --in this section, the term �treatment' does not include reconstructive or surgical procedures that are general performed to improved function, or may also been performed to enhance self-esteem. " " ( b) notice. -- a health policy issuer under this part shall comply with the notice requirement under section 713 (b), of the employee retirement income security act of 1974 with respect to the requirements referred to in subsection (a), as if such section applied to such issuer and such issuer were a group health plans. ". (2) procedures, procedures for primary conditions and followed-uptreatment. " “ (b). exception. -such term does not describe cosmetic surgery performed to reshape normal structures of a body to improve appearance or self- esteem. � (b)(2) notice and --a health insurance company under this section shall complywith the notice requirements under sections 713 and the amendments made by section 714 (b-3) of the Employee retirement income Security act of 1973 with respectto the</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6676693558692932</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>73</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Biennial Appropriations Act''. Section 300 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 631) is amended to read as follows: ``timetable ``Sec. 300. Timetable.-- ``In general.--The timetable with respect to the congressional budget process for any fiscal year is as follows: ``On or before: Action to be completed: First Monday in February................ President submits his or her budget. February 15............................. Congressional Budget Office submits report to Budget Committees. Not later than 6 weeks after President Committees submit views and estimates to Budget Committees. submits budget. April 1................................. Budget Committees report concurrent resolution on the budget. April 15................................ Congress completes action on concurrent resolution on the budget. May 15.................................. Biennial appropriation bills and the defense appropriation bill may be considered in the House as provided in subsection . June 10................................. House Appropriations Committee reports last appropriation bill to be considered that year as provided in subsection . June 15................................. Congress completes action on reconciliation legislation. June 30................................. House completes action on biennial appropriation bills to be considered that year, as provided in subsection , and the defense appropriation bill. August 1................................ Congress completes action on biennial appropriation bills to be considered that year, as provided in subsection , and the defense appropriation bill. October 1............................... Fiscal year begins. ``Special rule.--In the case of any first session of Congress that begins in any year immediately following a leap year and during which the term of a President (except a President who succeeds himself or herself) begins, the following dates shall supersede those set forth in paragraph : ``On or before: Action to be completed: First Monday in April................... President submits his or her budget. April 15................................ Congressional Budget Office submits report to Budget Committees. April 20................................ Committees submit views and estimates to Budget Committees. May 15.................................. Budget Committees report concurrent resolution on the budget. June 1.................................. Congress completes action on concurrent resolution on the budget. July 1.................................. Biennial appropriation bills and the defense appropriation bill may be considered in the House as provided in subsection . July 20................................. House completes action on biennial appropriation bills to be considered that year, as provided in subsection , and the defense appropriation bill. August 1................................ Congress completes action on biennial appropriation bills to be considered that year, as provided in subsection , the defense appropriation bill, and reconciliation legislation. October 1............................... Fiscal year begins. ``Biennial Appropriation Bills and Defense Appropriation Bill.--Appropriation bills shall be enacted as follows: ``Odd-numbered years.--In odd-numbered years Congress shall consider pursuant to the budget process under this title and enact-- ``an annual defense appropriation bill; and ``biennial appropriation bills for-- ``Financial Services; ``Transportation, Housing and Urban Development; ``Interior, Environment; ``Labor, Health and Human Services, Education; and ``Military Construction, Veterans Affairs. ``Even-numbered years.--In even-numbered years Congress shall consider pursuant to the budget process in this title and enact-- ``an annual defense appropriation bill; and ``biennial appropriation bills for-- ``Agriculture; ``Commerce, Justice, Science; ``Energy and Water; ``Homeland Security; ``Legislative Branch; and ``State-Foreign Operations.''. ACT OF 1974. Definitions.--Section 3 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 622) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``The term `biennium' means the period of 2 consecutive fiscal years beginning on October 1.''. Committee Allocations.--Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633) is amended-- in subsection , in the matter preceding subparagraph -- by inserting ``and for appropriations for each fiscal year in the biennium and for the first fiscal year of the resolution for defense,'' after ``for the first fiscal year of the resolution,''; by striking ``for that period of fiscal years'' and inserting ``for all fiscal years covered by the resolution''; and by inserting ``for defense and for each fiscal year in the biennium'' after ``for the fiscal year of that resolution''; in subsection , by inserting ``for defense and the biennium'' after ``budget year''; and in subsection -- by striking ``the first fiscal year'' and inserting ``each fiscal year of the biennium''; and by striking ``the total of fiscal years'' and inserting ``the total of all fiscal years covered by the resolution''. Definition.--Section 1101 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end thereof the following: ```biennium' has the meaning given to such term in section 3of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 622).''. Budget Contents and Submission to the Congress.-- Expenditures.--Section 1105of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ``the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted and the 4 fiscal years after that year'' and inserting ``each fiscal year in the biennium for which the budget is submitted and in the succeeding 4 fiscal years''. Receipts.--Section 1105of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ``the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted and the 4 fiscal years after that year'' and inserting ``each fiscal year in the biennium for which the budget is submitted and in the succeeding 4 years''. Balance statements.--Section 1105of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ``the fiscal year'' and inserting ``each fiscal year in the biennium''. Functions and activities.--Section 1105of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ``the fiscal year'' and inserting ``each fiscal year in the biennium''. Allowances.--Section 1105of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ``the fiscal year'' and inserting ``each fiscal year in the biennium''. Allowances for uncontrolled expenditures.--Section 1105of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ``that year'' and inserting ``each fiscal year in the biennium for which the budget is submitted''. Tax expenditures.--Section 1105of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ``the fiscal year'' and inserting ``each fiscal year in the biennium''. Future years.--Section 1105of title 31, United States Code, is amended-- by striking ``the fiscal year following the fiscal year'' and inserting ``each fiscal year in the biennium following the biennium''; by striking ``that following fiscal year'' and inserting ``each such fiscal year''; and by striking ``fiscal year before the fiscal year'' and inserting ``biennium before the biennium''. Prior year outlays.--Section 1105of title 31, United States Code, is amended-- by striking ``the prior fiscal year'' and inserting ``each of the 2 most recently completed fiscal years,''; by striking ``for that year'' and inserting ``with respect to those fiscal years''; and by striking ``in that year'' and inserting ``in those fiscal years''. Prior year receipts.--Section 1105of title 31, United States Code, is amended-- by striking ``the prior fiscal year'' and inserting ``each of the 2 most recently completed fiscal years''; by striking ``for that year'' and inserting ``with respect to those fiscal years''; and by striking ``in that year'' each place it appears and inserting ``in those fiscal years''. Estimated Expenditures of Legislative and Judicial Branches.-- Section 1105of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ``each year'' and inserting ``each even-numbered year''. Recommendations To Meet Estimated Deficiencies.--Section 1105of title 31, United States Code, is amended-- by striking ``the fiscal year for'' the first place it appears and inserting ``each fiscal year in the biennium for''; by striking ``the fiscal year for'' the second place it appears and inserting ``each fiscal year of the biennium, as the case may be, for''; and by striking ``for that year'' and inserting ``for each fiscal year of the biennium''. Capital Investment Analysis.--Section 1105of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ``ensuing fiscal year'' and inserting ``biennium to which such budget relates''. ACTS. In General.--Section 105 of title 1, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ``Sec. 105. Title and style of appropriations Acts ``In General.-- ``Nondefense.--Except as provided in paragraph , the style and title of all Acts making appropriations for the support of the Government shall be as follows: `An Act making appropriations (here insert the object) for each fiscal year in the biennium of fiscal years (here insert the fiscal years of the biennium).'. ``Defense.--The style and title of Acts making appropriations for the support of defense shall be as follows: `An Act making appropriations for defense for fiscal year (here insert the fiscal year).'. ``Amounts.--All Acts making regular appropriations for the support of the Government shall specify the amount of appropriations provided for each fiscal year in such period. ``Definitions.--In this section-- ``the term `biennium' has the same meaning as in section 3of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 622); and ``Acts described in subsection shall be considered as provided in section 300of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 631).''. Technical and Conforming Amendment.--The table of sections for chapter 2 of title 1, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 105 and inserting the following: ``105. Title and style of appropriations Acts.''. In General.--Title III of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end the following: ``authorizations of appropriations ``Sec. 316. Point of Order.--It shall not be in order in the House of Representatives or the Senate to consider-- ``any bill, joint resolution, amendment, motion, or conference report that authorizes appropriations for a period of less than 2 fiscal years, unless the program, project, or activity for which the appropriations are authorized will require no further appropriations and will be completed or terminated after the appropriations have been expended; and ``for any year, any authorization or revenue bill or joint resolution until Congress completes action on the budget resolution, all appropriations bills to be considered during the year under section 300, and all reconciliation bills. ``Applicability.--In the Senate, subsection shall not apply to-- ``defense; ``any measure that is privileged for consideration pursuant to a rule or statute; ``any matter considered in Executive Session; or ``an appropriations measure or reconciliation bill.''. Amendment to Table of Contents.--The table of contents set forth in section 1of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 315 the following: ``Sec. 316. Authorizations of appropriations.''. In General.--In each year that the activities of an agency are not required to be funded pursuant to section 300of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the committee of the House and the Senate with legislative jurisdiction over that agency shall hold a joint oversight hearing with the corresponding subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations of their respective House with jurisdiction over the agency. Hearing.--A hearing required by subsection shall review-- the mission of the agency; the impact of biennial budgeting on agency efficiency; the cost savings associated with biennial budgeting; new programs created in the off year of the agency budget; and programs that were terminated in the off year of the agency budget. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall-- determine the impact and feasibility of changing the definition of a fiscal year and the budget process based on that definition to a 2-year fiscal period with a biennial budget process based on the 2-year period; and submit to the Committee on the Budget of the Senate and the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the study. Except as provided in section 8, this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on January 1, 2016, and shall apply to budget resolutions and appropriations for the biennium beginning with fiscal year 2017."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "biennial appropriations act". sec. 2. revision of timetable. section 300 of the congressional budget act of 1974 (2 u.s.c. 631) is amended to read as follows: "timetable "sec. 300. (a) timetable. -- "(1) in general. --the timetable with respect to the congressional Budget process for any fiscal year is as follows:" "on or before:    d  Â   (i) budget. " (b) budget process. -- (c) budget processes. --(1) special rule. --in the case of any first session of congress that begins in any year immediately following a leap year and during which the term of a president (except a president who succeeds himself or herself) begins. --appropriation bills shall be enacted as follows. april 1   budget committees report concurrent resolution on the budget, april 15   congress completes action on concurrent resolution, budget. july 1  president submits his or her budget. may 15  biennial appropriation bills and the defense appropriation bill may be considered in the house as provided in subsection (b). june 10   house appropriations committee reports last appropriation bill to be considered that year. not later than 6 weeks after president   committees submit views and estimates to budget committees. submits budget. aprils 1  d budget committees reports concurrent resolution to the budget. April 15,  congress complete action on concurrence on the bill. june 1  congress completed action on bennial appropriation bill. may 30   bienn appropriation bills may be passed in the House as providedIn subsection (a). july 10  house bills and defense appropriation bills. jur 10  bill may not be considered for the house. jere 30  bill and reconciliation legislation. jjune 15  bill completes action in reconciliation legislation, june 30  house completes action. jude 1  bill. august 1  bent action on biennial appropriations bills to be consider that year, as provided In subsection (B), and the Defense appropriation bill, and reconciliation bill.  august 2   bill begins. "(2) special rules. --on or after: "in the event of any second session of Congress that begins or before the first session, as scheduled in the leap year, and during the year following a year (excepta president who succeed himself or himself) begins, the" (iv) homeland security; " (v) legislative branch; and " (vi) state-foreign operations. ". sec. 3. amendments to the congressional budget and impoundment control act of 1974. (a) definitions. --section 3 of the congressional Budget act of 1973 (2 u.s.c. 622) is amended by adding at the end the following: "(12) the term 'biennium' means the period of 2 consecutive fiscal years beginning on october 1.". (b) committee allocations. --sections 302 of the Congress budget act of 1975 (2 U.s., united states code, is amended. --Section 302 of title 31, united states, is amend by inserting "and for each fiscal year in the biennium and for each year in that year in which the budget is submitted and for all fiscal years covered by the resolution"; and (a)(2) by inserting the term "biennia" and inserting "each fiscal year" and "all fiscal years covering by the budget" after "budget year". (b)(1) committee allocation. --subparagraph 302 of Congress budget and expoundment controls act of 1972. (1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding subparagraph (a)-- (a(a) by striking "andfor appropriations for each Fiscal Year in the Biennium" and for the first fiscal year of the resolution for defense," after "for "for the first year of that resolution,"; (b-by striking "for that period of fiscal years in the budget year"; and "for all fiscal year covered by a resolution"; (c) by "for defense and for one fiscal year for each financial year in a biennia and for a budget year for the budget and for that budget year" after (budget year); and (3) in subsections (f)(2, (a). (a, by striking and for "for each fiscal years" and insertion "each Fiscal year in each fiscal Year in a budget and in the succeeding 4 fiscal years for the resolution"); and (b(c) for "the total of fiscal year on the budget in the resolution". sec. 4. changes to title 31 ( united states) code. (c). --section 1001 of title 1, united States code. --a) definition. -section 1101 of titles 31, divided states code. is amended with adding at- end the term in section 3(12) of the Congressional budget and "(a) by striking "the fiscal year following the fiscal year" and inserting "each fiscal year in the biennium"; (b) by inserting "fiscal year before the fiscal years" and "biennium before the year"; and (c)by striking "in that year" each place it appears and inserting (in those fiscal years". (9) prior year receipts. --section 1105 (a)(18) of title 31, united states code, is amended-- (a) to striking "a prior fiscal year", and striking "each of the 2 most recently completed fiscal years,"; (b)(a) and inserting 'each of those fiscal year"; (c), striking "for that year, each place in that year", inserting "in those year" (here insert "in the year", in those years), and (d) to meet estimated deficiencies. (e) tax revenue. (f) tax receipts. (a), to strike "the prior fiscal years", and inserting the "b" in the same manner as in section 1105(a)(19) of Title 31, United states code. -- section 1106 (a, united States code, amended-- to striking the prior fiscal calendar year" for "each year" in "each place it appeared and inserting ("in those years", in which case it appears, for"; (e, tax revenue) and (f, tax revenues. (b, tax receipts). (c, tax year outlays. (d), tax revenue). --section 1115 (c)(19), united states Code, is amend-- (b. by striking the "the previous fiscal year," and inserting $1.5 million in the year; and (b), to striking $2.25 million in "any year" to insert "each such year", (c). (e), tax revenues and tax revenue to meet estimates of legislative and judicial branches. (1) tax expenditures. --Section 1105 "b)(1) of titles 31, divided states code; title and style of appropriations acts. (2) tax revenues; tax revenue and tax revenues to meet proposed deficiencies. --sections 1105 and title 31 (c" of title 1, united state code, are amended-- "1) by struck "the Fiscal year for" the first place it appear and inserting a "each Fiscal year in a biennia for"; "2) by "the calendar year for the second place it Appears and inserting 1 "the year--it shall not be in order in the house of representatives or the senate to consider-- "(1) any bill, joint resolution, amendment, motion, or conference report that authorizes appropriations for a period of less than 2 fiscal years, unless the program, project, or activity for which the appropriations are authorized will require no further appropriations and will be completed or terminated after the appropriations have been expended; and "(2) for any year, any authorization or revenue bill or joint resolution until congress completes action on the budget resolution, all appropriations bills to be considered during the year under section 300 (b), and all reconciliation bills. " (b) applicability. --in the senate, subsection (a) shall not apply to--"(1) defense; "(2" any measure that is privileged for consideration pursuant to a rule or statute; "(3) any matter considered in executive session; or "(4) an appropriations measure or reconciliation bill.". (b-) amendment to table of contents. --the table of content set forth in section 1 (b)(b) of the congressional budget and impoundment control act of 1974 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 315 the following: "sec. 316. authorizations of appropriations.". sec. 7. congressional oversight. (a)(a) in general. —in each year that the activities of an agency are not required to be funded pursuant to section 300 or b) of a congressional budget act of1974, the committee of the house and the senate with legislative jurisdiction over that agency shall hold a joint oversight hearing with the corresponding subcommittee of the committee on appropriations of their respective house with jurisdiction over the agency. (c) hearing. --a hearing required by subsection (b). --a meeting required by section 315the following: "(1. authorizes of appropriations. sec (a). congressional oversight.". Sec. 7 (b. congressional Oversight. ( a) in generally. -- in each yearthat the activities or agency are or required to been funded pursuant a agency are/are not required by the congressional resolution of section 300-b) and the congressional appropriations act of the agency shall, the committees of the House and the Senate with legislative authority over that agencies shall hold an oversight hearing. ( b) hearing and—a hearing, the hearing, and the hearing requiredby subsection (1) shall review the mission of the agencies; (2) the impact of biennial budgeting on agency efficiency; (3) the cost savings associated with biennial spending;</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5879743099212646</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>74</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis Research, Cure, and Care Act of 2011''. Congress finds the following: Psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis are autoimmune, chronic, inflammatory, painful, and disabling diseases that require lifelong timely and appropriate medical intervention and care and have no cure. Current studies indicate that the prevalence of psoriasis in the United States ranges between two and three percent, affecting approximately 7.5 million men, women, and children of all ages, approximately 17,000 individuals in each congressional district, and has an adverse impact on the quality of life for virtually all affected. Psoriasis often is overlooked or dismissed because it is not typically a direct cause of death. Psoriasis is commonly and incorrectly considered by insurers, employers, policymakers, and the public as a mere annoyance--a superficial problem, mistakenly thought to be contagious, due to poor hygiene, or both. As such, treatment for psoriasis is often incorrectly categorized as ``cosmetic'' and not ``medically necessary''. Psoriasis is connected with an elevated risk for other serious, chronic, and life-threatening comorbid conditions, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, stroke, and cancer. A higher prevalence of stroke, atherosclerosis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , Crohn's disease, lymphoma, metabolic syndrome, and liver disease are also found in people with psoriasis as compared to the general population. Up to 30 percent of people with psoriasis also develop potentially disabling psoriatic arthritis. The National Institute of Mental Health funded a study that found that psoriasis may cause as much physical and mental disability as other major chronic diseases, including cancer, arthritis, hypertension, heart disease, diabetes, and depression. Psoriasis is associated with elevated rates of depression, anxiety, and suicidality (suicidal thoughts, suicide attempts, and completed suicides). Individuals with psoriasis are twice as likely to have thoughts of suicide as people without psoriasis or with other chronic conditions. The risk of premature death is 50 percent higher for people with severe psoriasis. This translates to people with severe psoriasis dying four years earlier, on average, than people without psoriasis. The economic consequences of psoriasis, both for individuals and the health care system, are significant. Total direct and indirect health care costs of psoriasis are calculated at $11,250,000,000 with work loss accounting for 40 percent of the cost burden. People with psoriasis have significantly higher health care resource utilization and costs than the general population. Additionally, psoriasis patients with comorbidities are more likely to experience urgent care, have greater rates of hospitalization, more frequent outpatient visits, and incur greater costs than psoriasis patients without comorbidities. Early diagnosis and treatment of psoriatic arthritis may help prevent irreversible joint damage. Treating psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis presents a challenge for patients and their health care providers. A wide range of treatment options is available; however, adverse side effects and success varies from patient to patient. The same treatments do not work for every patient and a treatment that may have been effective for a period of time can stop working. Despite a number of recent breakthroughs that have led to some new treatments, too many people with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis still cannot live normal lives. For many of these individuals, existing treatments are not effective or appropriate or may not be accessible due to cost and insurance barriers. Psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis constitute a significant national health issue that deserves a comprehensive and coordinated response by States and the Federal Government with involvement of the health care provider, patient, and public health communities. In General.--The Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, is authorized to undertake psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis data collection efforts, including incorporating questions into public health surveys, questionnaires, and other databases in existence as of the date of the enactment of this Act to collect information, with respect to psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, regarding-- the prevalence of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in the United States; the age of onset; health-related quality of life; health care utilization; burden of such disease (such as with respect to employment); direct and indirect costs; health disparities, including with respect to age, gender, race, and ethnicity; and comorbidities and the natural history of such disease. Such data collection efforts may include the consideration and development of a patient registry, which would include individuals of all ages. Authorization of Appropriations.--To carry out subsection , there are authorized to be appropriated $1,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2017. ON PSORIASIS AND PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS AND COMORBID CONDITIONS. It is the sense of the Congress that-- the psoriasis research community has made significant strides in proving the seriousness of psoriasis as an autoimmune disease and in advancing the identification of commonalities between psoriasis and other diseases; the nonprofit and private sector psoriasis research communities are to be commended for planning a multidisciplinary scientific meeting in 2012 to discuss future directions of psoriasis and comorbid research, identify initiatives necessary to fill any gaps, leverage public and private investments in psoriasis research, and facilitate progress in interdisciplinary research related to psoriasis and its comorbid conditions; the National Institutes of Health is encouraged to continue to work with the organizations and private sector stakeholders who convene the multidisciplinary scientific meeting to discuss future directions of psoriasis and comorbid research; the nonprofit and private sector meeting conveners should disseminate to the public, Congress, and other relevant public and private policymaking and research entities a report that includes findings from the scientific meeting and suggestions regarding next steps, including recommendations from the National Institutes of Health and other relevant Federal agencies; and utilizing the information produced by the scientific meeting regarding future directions of psoriasis and comorbid research, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the National Institutes of Health, and in conjunction with the National Institute for Arthritis, Musculoskeletal, and Skin Diseases and other institutes and centers of the National Institutes of Health, is encouraged to explore the development of a virtual Center of Excellence for Collaborative Discovery in Psoriasis and Comorbid Research or some other mechanism through which public and private sector findings regarding psoriasis and its comorbid conditions can be regularly shared and leveraged."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis research, cure, and care act of 2011". sec. 2. findings. congress finds the following: (1) psoriasis is autoimmune, chronic, inflammatory, painful, and disabling diseases that require lifelong timely and appropriate medical intervention and care and have no cure. (2) current studies indicate that the prevalence of psoriiasis in the united states ranges between two and three percent, affecting approximately 7.5 million men, women, and children of all ages, approximately 17,000 individuals in each congressional district, and has an adverse impact on the quality of life for virtually all affected. (3) psORiasis often is overlooked or dismissed because it is not typically a direct cause of death. psorism is commonly and incorrectly considered by insurers, employers, policymakers, and the public as a mere annoyance--a superficial problem, mistakenly thought to be contagious, due to poor hygiene, or both. as such, treatment for psorosis is often incorrectly categorized as "cosmetic" and not "medically necessary". (4) psoriasis often is forgotten or dismissed as a "disaster" or a mere inconvenience because it has no cure and is not usually a cause for death. (5) the incidence and prevalence of the disease is often and incorrectly thought by insurers and employers, to be a superficial problem. psorias is a mere nuisance--a minor problem, or a minor problem. a superficial problems, mistakenly believed to be infectious, due in part to poor sanitation, or even both.as such, treatments for psoriassa is often mistakenly categorized as either treatment for the disease, or "cosmetically necessary. (4a) the national institute of mental health (nimh) funded a study that found that psorins may cause as much physical and mental disability as other major chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, stroke, and cancer. a higher prevalence of stroke, atherosclerosis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd), crohn's disease, lymphoma, metabolic syndrome, and liver disease are also found in people with psoras as compared to the general population. up to 30 percent of people with Psoriasis also develop potentially disabling psoriatics arthritis. (6) psoreiasis is associated with a higher incidence of physical and psychological disability as well as other chronic diseases. psoredis disability as a major chronic conditions, including cancer, arthritis,(a) in general. --the secretary of health and human services, acting through the director of the centers for disease control and prevention, is authorized to undertake psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis data collection efforts, including incorporating questions into public health surveys, questionnaires, and other databases in existence as of the date of the enactment of this act to collect information, with respect to the prevalence of psorosis and psoratic arthritis in the united states; (2) the age of onset; (3) the level of incidence; (4) health-related quality of life; (5) health care utilization; (6) burden of such disease (such as with respect of employment); (6- direct and indirect costs; (7) health disparities, including with respectto age, gender, race, and ethnicity; and (8) comorbidities and the natural history of such illness. such data collection activities may include the consideration and development of a patient registry, which would include individuals of all ages. (b) authorization of appropriations. --to carry out subsection (a), there are authorized to be appropriated $1,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2017. sec. 4. sense of congress for collaborative interdisciplinary research on psoriiasis and Psoriatic rheumatoid arthritis and comorb conditions. it is the sense of the congress that-- (1) the data collected efforts may include, the consideration of a user registry; which wouldinclude individuals of various ages. and(b) authorized of appropriations and --the secretaries of health, human services and the secretary of public services, who carry out subsections (a, and (b), and (c), there have authorized to carry out the following: (a) the nonprofit and private sector psorism research communities are to be commended for planning a multidisciplinary scientific meeting in 2012 to discuss future directions of psoriasis and comobid research, identify initiatives necessary to fill any gaps, leverage public and private investments in psorins research, and facilitate progress in interdisciplinaryresearch related to psorics and its comorbi conditions; (1a)the psorpei research community has made significant strides in proving the seriousness of psORiasis as an autoimmune disease and in advancing the identification of commonalities between psorih and other diseases; (B) the organization and privatesector psoritis research communities, the nonprofit, and the nonprofit- private sector Psoriasis research communities and the national institutes</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.7130201458930969</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>75</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``National Commission for the New National Goal: The Advancement of Global Health Act''. The Congress makes the following findings: During the 20th century the United States led the world in defeating totalitarianism and communism. The United States also led the world in spreading and establishing democracy in every region. The end of global conflict and the end of the Cold War, now guaranteed by the power and leadership of the United States, allow the Nation to establish new goals for the 21st century. The United States, the world leader in the research, development, and production of technologies, medicines, and methodologies utilized to prevent and cure disease, has the human and natural resources to dedicate itself to the new national goal of the global eradication of disease. There is established a commission to be known as the ``National Commission for the New National Goal: The Advancement of Global Health'' (in this Act referred to as the ``Commission''). The Commission shall recommend to the Congress a national strategy for coordinating governmental, academic, and public and private health care entities for the purpose of the global eradication of disease. Membership of the Commission.--The Commission shall consist of individuals who are of recognized standing and distinction and who possess the demonstrated capacity to discharge the duties imposed on the Commission, and shall include representatives of the public, private, and academic areas whose capacity is based on a special knowledge or expertise in medical research or related areas. Number and Appointment.--The Commission shall be composed of 13 members appointed as follows: The Secretary of Health and Human Services (or the Secretary's delegate). The Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission. 3 Members of the Senate appointed jointly by the President of the Senate and the President pro tempore. Not more than 2 members appointed under this paragraph may be of the same political party. 3 Members of the House of Representatives appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. Not more than 2 members appointed under this paragraph may be of the same political party. 2 individuals appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, from among individuals who are not officers or employees of any government and who are specially qualified to serve on the Commission by virtue of their education, training, or experience. 3 individuals appointed by the President from among individuals who will represent the views of recipients of health services. Not more than 1 member appointed under this paragraph may be an officer or employee of the Federal Government. Continuation of Membership.--If a member was appointed to the Commission as a Member of Congress and the member ceases to be a Member of Congress, that member may continue as a member for not longer than the 30-day period beginning on the date that member ceases to be a Member of Congress. Terms.--Each member shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. Basic Pay.--Members shall serve without pay. Quorum.--7 members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum but a lesser number may hold hearings. Chairperson; Vice Chairperson.--The Chairperson and Vice Chairperson of the Commission shall be designated by the President at the time of the appointment. Meetings.--The Commission shall meet monthly or at the call of a majority of its members. Hearings and Sessions.--The Commission may, for the purpose of carrying out this Act, hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. Powers of Members and Agents.--Any member or agent of the Commission may, if authorized by the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take by this section. Obtaining Official Data.--The Commission may secure directly from any department or agency of the United States information necessary to enable it to carry out this Act. Upon request of the Chairperson or Vice Chairperson of the Commission, the head of that department or agency shall furnish that information to the Commission. Gifts, Bequests, and Devises.--The Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts, bequests, or devises of services or property, both real and personal, for the purpose of aiding or facilitating the work of the Commission. Gifts, bequests, or devises of money and proceeds from sales of other property received as gifts, bequests, or devises shall be deposited in the Treasury and shall be available for disbursement upon order of the Chairperson or Commission. For purposes of Federal income, estate, and gift taxes, property accepted under this subsection shall be considered as a gift, bequest, or devise to the United States. Mails.--The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other departments and agencies of the United States. Administrative Support Services.--Upon the request of the Commission, the Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission, on a reimbursable basis, the administrative support services necessary for the Commission to carry out its responsibilities under this Act. Contract Authority.--The Commission may contract with and compensate government and private agencies or persons for administrative and other services, without regard to section 3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5). Interim Reports.--The Commission may submit to the President and the Congress interim reports as the Commission considers appropriate. Final Report.--The Commission shall transmit a final report to the President and the Congress not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act. The final report shall contain a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the Commission, together with its recommendations for legislative, administrative, or other actions, as the Commission considers appropriate. The Commission shall terminate 30 days after submitting its final report pursuant to section 7. This Act shall take effect 60 days after the date of its enactment. Any spending authority (as defined in subparagraphs and of section 401of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 651and )) authorized by this Act shall be effective only to such extent and in such amounts as are provided in appropriation Acts."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "national commission for the new national goal: the advancement of global health act". sec. 2. findings. the congress makes the following findings: (1) during the 20th century the united states led the world in defeating totalitarianism and communism. (2) the United states also led the United States in spreading and establishing democracy in every region. (3) the end of global conflict and the beginning of the cold war, now guaranteed by the power and leadership of the united States, allow the nation to establish new goals for the 21st century. sec. 7. reports. (a) interim reports. --the commission may submit to the president and the congress interim reports as the commission considers appropriate. (b) final report. (c) the commission may transmit a final report to the congress not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this act. the final report shall contain a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the commission, together with its recommendations for legislative, administrative, or other actions, as well as the recommendations for the commission's recommendations for executive, legislative, and other actions. sec, 7. executive summary. -- the commission shall submit a preliminary report. the commission will transmit a preliminary Report to the vice president and to the senate not later that 12 months before the date. the preliminary report shall be known as a "national Commission for the New national goal, the advancementof global health" (in this act referred to as the"commission"). sec. 4. duties of commission. the Commission shall recommend to the Congress a national strategy for coordinating governmental, academic, and public and private health care entities for the purpose of the global eradication of disease. sec., 5. membership. (1. commission. ( a) membership of the Commission. --a) membership. --as defined in subparagraphs (a), and (c), of section 401 (c)(2) of the congressional budget act of 1974 (2 u.s.c. 651 (c). (5) and shall include representatives of the public, private, and academic areas whose capacity is based on a special knowledge or expertise in medical research or related areas. ( b) number and appointment. --there shall be composed of 13 members appointed as follows: ( 1) the secretary of health and human services (or the secretary's delegate). ( 2) the chairman of the federal trade commission. and the chairman and vice chairperson of the trade commission</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6054180264472961</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>76</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Veterans Mobility Safety Act of 2016''. Section 3903of title 38, United States Code, is amended-- by striking ``Except'' and inserting ``Except''; and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ``The Secretary shall ensure that to the extent practicable an eligible person who is provided an automobile or other conveyance under this chapter is given the opportunity to make personal selections relating to such automobile or other conveyance.''. PROGRAM. Comprehensive Policy.--The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall develop a comprehensive policy regarding quality standards for providers who provide modification services to veterans under the automobile adaptive equipment program. Scope.--The policy developed under subsection shall cover each of the following: The Department of Veterans Affairs-wide management of the automobile adaptive equipment program. The development of standards for safety and quality of equipment and installation of equipment through the automobile adaptive equipment program, including with respect to the defined differentiations in levels of modification complexity. The consistent application of standards for safety and quality of both equipment and installation throughout the Department. In accordance with subsection , the certification of a provider by a manufacturer if the Secretary designates the quality standards of such manufacturer as meeting or exceeding the standards developed under this section. In accordance with subsection , the certification of a provider by a third party, nonprofit organization if the Secretary designates the quality standards of such organization as meeting or exceeding the standards developed under this section. The education and training of personnel of the Department who administer the automobile adaptive equipment program. The compliance of the provider with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) when furnishing automobile adaptive equipment at the facility of the provider. The allowance, where technically appropriate, for veterans to receive modifications at their residence or location of choice, including standards that ensure such receipt and notification to veterans of the availability of such receipt. Certification of Manufacturers and Third Party, Nonprofit Organizations.-- Certification of manufacturers.--The Secretary shall approve a manufacturer as a certifying manufacturer for purposes of subsection , if the manufacturer demonstrates that its certification standards meet or exceed the quality standards developed under this section. Certification of third party, nonprofit organizations.-- In general.--The Secretary may approve two or more private, nonprofit organizations as third party, nonprofit certifying organizations for purposes of subsection . Limitation.--If at any time there is only one third party, nonprofit certifying organization approved by the Secretary for purposes of subsection , such organization shall not be permitted to provide certifications under such subsection until such time as the Secretary approves a second third party, nonprofit certifying organization for purposes of such subsection. Updates.-- Initial updates.--Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall update Veterans Health Administration Handbook 1173.4, or any successor handbook or directive, in accordance with the policy developed under subsection . Subsequent updates.--Not less frequently than once every 6 years thereafter, the Secretary shall update such handbook, or any successor handbook or directive. Consultation.--The Secretary shall develop the policy under subsection , and revise such policy under subsection , in consultation with veterans service organizations, the National Highway Transportation Administration, industry representatives, manufacturers of automobile adaptive equipment, and other entities with expertise in installing, repairing, replacing, or manufacturing mobility equipment or developing mobility accreditation standards for automobile adaptive equipment. Conflicts.--In developing and implementing the policy under subsection , the Secretary shall-- minimize the possibility of conflicts of interest, to the extent practicable; and establish procedures that ensure against the use of a certifying organization referred to in subsection that has a financial conflict of interest regarding the certification of an eligible provider. Biennial Report.-- In general.--Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary updates Veterans Health Administration Handbook 1173.4, or any successor handbook or directive, under subsection , and not less frequently than once every other year thereafter through 2022, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans' Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans' Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the implementation and facility compliance with the policy developed under subsection . Contents.--The report required by paragraph shall include the following: A description of the implementation plan for the policy developed under subsection and any revisions to such policy under subsection . A description of the performance measures used to determine the effectiveness of such policy in ensuring the safety of veterans enrolled in the automobile adaptive equipment program. An assessment of safety issues due to improper installations based on a survey of recipients of adaptive equipment from the Department. An assessment of the adequacy of the adaptive equipment services of the Department based on a survey of recipients of adaptive equipment from the Department. An assessment of the training provided to the personnel of the Department with respect to administering the program. An assessment of the certified providers of the Department of adaptive equipment with respect to meeting the minimum standards developed under subsection . Definitions.--In this section: Automobile adaptive equipment program.--The term ``automobile adaptive equipment program'' means the program administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs pursuant to chapter 39 of title 38, United States Code. Veterans service organization.--The term ``veterans service organization'' means any organization recognized by the Secretary for the representation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38, United States Code. HEALTH ADMINISTRATION. Licensed Hearing Aid Specialists.-- Appointment.--Section 7401of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ``licensed hearing aid specialists,'' after ``Audiologists,''. Qualifications.--Section 7402of such title is amended by inserting ``, hearing aid specialist'' after ``dental technologist''. Requirements.--With respect to appointing hearing aid specialists under sections 7401 and 7402 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by subsection , and providing services furnished by such specialists, the Secretary shall ensure that-- a hearing aid specialist may only perform hearing services consistent with the hearing aid specialist's State license related to the practice of fitting and dispensing hearing aids without excluding other qualified professionals, including audiologists, from rendering services in overlapping practice areas; services provided to veterans by hearing aid specialists shall be provided as part of the non-medical treatment plan developed by an audiologist; and the medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs provide to veterans access to the full range of professional services provided by an audiologist. Consultation.--In determining the qualifications required for hearing aid specialists and in carrying out subsection , the Secretary shall consult with veterans service organizations, audiologists, otolaryngologists, hearing aid specialists, and other stakeholder and industry groups as the Secretary determines appropriate. Annual Report.-- In general.--Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter during the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report on the following: Timely access of veterans to hearing health services through the Department of Veterans Affairs. Contracting policies of the Department with respect to providing hearing health services to veterans in facilities that are not facilities of the Department. Timely access to services.--Each report shall, with respect to the matter specified in paragraph for the 1-year period preceding the submittal of such report, include the following: The staffing levels of audiologists, hearing aid specialists, and health technicians in audiology in the Veterans Health Administration. A description of the metrics used by the Secretary in measuring performance with respect to appointments and care relating to hearing health. The average time that a veteran waits to receive an appointment, beginning on the date on which the veteran makes the request, for the following: A disability rating evaluation for a hearing- related disability. A hearing aid evaluation. Dispensing of hearing aids. Any follow-up hearing health appointment. The percentage of veterans whose total wait time for appointments described in subparagraph , including an initial and follow-up appointment, if applicable, is more than 30 days. Contracting policies.--Each report shall, with respect to the matter specified in paragraph for the 1-year period preceding the submittal of such report, include the following: The number of veterans that the Secretary refers to non-Department audiologists for hearing health care appointments. The number of veterans that the Secretary refers to non-Department hearing aid specialists for follow-up appointments for a hearing aid evaluation, the dispensing of hearing aids, or any other purpose relating to hearing health. Speaker of the House of Representatives. Vice President of the United States and President of the Senate."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "veterans mobility safety act of 2016". sec. 2. personal selections of automobiles and adaptive equipment. section 3903 (b) of title 38, united states code, is amended-- (1) by striking "except" and inserting "(1) except"; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: "(2) the secretary shall ensure that to the extent practicable an eligible person who is provided an automobile or other conveyance under this chapter is given the opportunity to make personal selections relating to such automobile or such conveyance.". sec. 3. comprehensive policy for the automobiles adaptive equipment program. (a) comprehensive policy. --the secretary of veterans affairs shall develop a comprehensive policy regarding quality standards for providers who provide modification services to veterans under the automobile adaptive equipment, including with respect to the quality standards of equipment and installation of equipment, and with regard to the standards of quality and safety of equipment under this section. (b)(a) scope. --a comprehensive policy shall cover each of the following: (a)(1) the department of veterans Affairs-wide management of the automobile program. -- (b), scope. (c)(1), the secretary's policy developed under subsection (a), shall cover the following. (2)(a)(a), scope of the policy developed by the secretary of Veterans affairs-wide Management of the automobiles and Adaptive Equipment program, and the secretary’s policy developed in subsection (c) shall cover all of the above. (3) the development of standards for safety and quality of equipment. (4) the design of standards and quality for equipment and installations of equipment through the automobile Adaptive equipment program, including the defined differentiations in levels of modification complexity. (5) the consistent application of standards of safety and Quality of both equipment and Installation throughout the department. (6) the certification of a provider by a manufacturer if the secretary designates the quality requirements of such manufacturer if it is meeting or exceeding the standards developed under this subsection. (7) the provision of a manufacturer by a provider if the Secretary designates a quality standards meet or exceed the standards used under this Section. (1)(2) certification of third party, nonprofit organization if the member designates one third party. --(3) a member of the secretary for purposes of subsection (b). (4-5) --the education and training of personnel of the department who administer the automobile auto adaptive equipment programs. (the secretary updates veterans health administration handbook 1173.4, or any successor handbook or directive, under subsection (d), and not less frequently than once every other year thereafter through 2022, the secretary of veterans affairs shall submit to the committee on veterans' affairs of the senate and the committee of veterans' Affairs of the house of representatives a report on the implementation and facility compliance with the policy developed under subsection, and any revisions to such policy under subsection that are required by subsection (a). (1) contents. --the report required by paragraph (1), shall include the following: (a) a description of the implementation plan for the policy implemented under subsection Aa, and the revisions to the policy that are used to determine the effectiveness of such policy in ensuring the safety of veterans enrolled in the automobile adaptive equipment program. (b) an assessment of the safety issues due to improper installations based on a survey of recipients of adaptive equipment from the department. (c) an Assessment of the adequacy of the adaptive equipment services of the department based on the survey of the personnel of the departments with respect to administering the program. --in this section: (1)(2) --the assessment of safety issues related to the implementation of the auto adaptive equipment programs of the Department based on survey of participants of adaptive technology from the Department. (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) and (8) (9) (10) (11) (1,11) and/or (11,12) (8,13) (a,14) (c,16) (d) and(c) (e) (f) an assessments of the performance of the training provided to the personnel and the department with respectto administering the programs. (f,16,17,18,19,21,22,23,24,23) (b)(2). (h) definitions. -- in this section, (1. --automobile adaptive equipment --the term "automotive adaptive equipment" means the program administered by the secretary for veterans affairs pursuant to chapter 39 of title 38, united states code. (1). (2. veterans service organization. -- the term "veterans service organization" means any organization recognized by the Secretary for the representation of veterans under section 5902 of title38, united States code. sec. 4. appointment of licensed hearing aid specialists in veterans health Administration. (a. licensed hearing aids specialists. -- (1 (1specialists, and health technicians in audiology in the veterans health administration. (b) a description of the metrics used by the secretary in measuring performance with respect to appointments and care relating to hearing health. (c) the average time that a veteran waits to receive an appointment, beginning on the date on which the veteran makes the request, for the following: (i) a disability rating evaluation for a hearing- related disability. (ii) a hearing aid evaluation. (iii) dispensing of hearing aids. (iv) any follow-up hearing health appointment. (d) the percentage of veterans whose total wait time for appointments described in subparagraph (c), including an initial and follow-down appointment, if applicable, is more than 30 days. (e) the number of veterans that the secretary refers to non-department audiologists for hearing health care appointments. (f) any other purpose relating to the hearing health of a veteran. (g) the length of time that veterans wait to receive a hearing health evaluation. --each report shall, with respectto the matter specified in paragraph (1) (b), for the 1-year period preceding the submittal of such report, include the following, (a) the total number of veteran that the secretaries refers to in the department for hearing care appointments, including an appointment for an initial hearing aid appointment. and the amount of veterans (a, b) that the Secretary refers to Non-Department audologists and hearing aid specialists for follow-ups appointments for a Hearing aid evaluation, the dispensing and hearing aids, or any other reason relating to Hearing health. speaker of the house of representatives. vice president of the united states and president ofthe senate. president of a senate.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.7384036779403687</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>77</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the `Older and Disabled Americans Criminal Protection Act of 1998'. In General.--A shared housing referral service, as determined for the purpose of this section by the Attorney General, may request the Attorney General to conduct a search and exchange of records under subsection regarding any applicant for participation in a shared housing arrangement as a service provider resident by-- submitting, to the Attorney General-- fingerprints regarding such applicant; and a written statement authorizing the shared housing referral service to request the search and exchange of records regarding the applicant, which is signed by the applicant; and making the submission of the information under paragraph not more than 7 days (not including Saturdays, Sundays, and legal public holidays under section 6103 of title 5, United States Code) after completing acquiring the information. Search and Exchange of Records.--Pursuant to any submission that complies with subsection , the Attorney General shall search the records of the Criminal Justice Information Services Division of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for any criminal history records corresponding to the fingerprints or other positive identification submitted. The Attorney General shall provide any corresponding information identified by the search to the appropriate State or local governmental agency authorized to receive such information. Use of Information.--Information regarding any applicant for participation in a shared housing arrangement obtained pursuant to subsection may be used only by the shared housing referral service requesting the information and only for determining the suitability of the applicant for participation in a shared housing arrangement as a service provider resident. Fees.--The Attorney General may charge a reasonable fee, which may not exceed $50, to any shared housing referral service requesting a search and exchange of records pursuant to subsection to cover the costs of conducting the search and providing the records. Report.--The Attorney General shall submit a report to the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act regarding the number of requests for searches and exchanges of records made under this section by shared housing referral services and the disposition of such requests. Whoever knowingly uses any information obtained pursuant to section 2in violation of section 2shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, or imprisoned for not more than 2 years, or both. A shared housing referral agency that, in making a determination regarding any referral for participation in a shared housing arrangement, reasonably relies upon information provided to the agency by the Attorney General pursuant to section 2 shall not be liable, in any action for damages based on the referral determination, for any damages resulting from incompleteness or inaccuracy of the information. For purposes of this Act, the following definitions shall apply: Shared housing arrangement.--The term `shared housing arrangement' means a primary residential arrangement that consists of at least 2 persons-- who reside in the same dwelling unit and share the use of all or part of the facilities of the dwelling unit; who have no familial relationship; one of whom is the owner or lessee of the dwelling unit, including any owner or lessee who is an elderly person or a person with disabilities, and another of whom provides care or other services for the benefit of the person described in subparagraph in exchange for free occupancy in the dwelling unit, a reduction in the cost otherwise charged for occupancy of the dwelling unit, or other remuneration. Shared housing referral service.--The term `shared housing referral service' means any nonprofit organization, person, or other entity that, for consideration, performs services which involve the referral of individuals or families for participation in shared housing arrangements as service provider residents. Service provider resident.--The term `service provider resident' means, with respect to a shared housing arrangement, the individual participating in the arrangement who is described in paragraph . Elderly person; person with disabilities.--The terms `elderly person' and `person with disabilities' have the meanings given such terms in section 3of the United States Housing Act of 1937. The Attorney General may prescribe any regulations necessary to carry out this Act, including regulations regarding the security, confidentiality, accuracy, use, and dissemination of information and audits and recordkeeping and the imposition of fees necessary for the recovery of costs."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the 'older and disabled americans criminal protection act of 1998'. sec. 2. background checks. (a) in general. --a shared housing referral service, as determined for the purpose of this section by the attorney general, may request the attorney attorney general to conduct a search and exchange of records under subsection (b) regarding any applicant for participation in a shared housing arrangement as a service provider resident by-- (1) submitting, to the attorneygeneral-- (a)(b) fingerprints regarding such applicant; and (2) making the submission of the information under paragraph (1), which is signed by the applicant; (3) making a submission of information under the same paragraph (b), which may not exceed 7 days (not including saturdays, sundays, and legal public holidays under section 6103 of title 5, united states code) after completing acquiring the information. (b. search and exchanges of records. --pursuant to any submission that complies with subsection (a), the attorney General shall search the records of the criminal justice information services division of the federal bureau of investigation for any criminal history records corresponding to the fingerprints or other positive identification submitted. the attorney may make the submission to the appropriate state or local governmental agency authorized to receive such information. --the attorney general shall provide the information to the relevant state orlocal governmental agency. (c) use of information. -information regarding any person for participation. --information regarding the applicant. --b) search. --discovery of the applicant, which is not related to the criminal history of any person, which are signed by such person, or the criminal histories of such person. (d) records. sec. 3. information about any person. --as the Attorney general may provide any corresponding information identified by the search to the applicable state orLocal governmental agency authorised to receivesuch information. 1c) search and information. —information regarding all applicant for Participation in a Shared housing arrangement obtained pursuant to subsection (B) may be used only by the shared housing referrals service requesting the information and only for determining the suitability of the person for participating in a share housing arrangement. (e) information about the applicant for the information provided to the agency by the office general pursuant to section 2 shall not be liable, in any action for damages based on the referral determination, for any damages resulting from incompleteness or inaccuracy of the data. sec, 3. services. -- the attorney's may charge a</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.7297738194465637</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>78</ROW><BILL>"Definitions.--Section 8331 of title 5, United States Code, is amended-- by striking out ``and'' at the end of paragraph ; by striking out the period at the end of paragraph and inserting in lieu thereof a semicolon and ``and''; and by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph: ```fish and wildlife officer' means a law enforcement officer of the Refuge Division of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service of the Department of the Interior.''. Deductions, Contributions, and Deposits.--Section 8334 of title 5, United States Code, is amended-- in subsection , by striking out ``a law enforcement officer,'' and inserting in lieu thereof ``a law enforcement officer, a fish and wildlife officer''; and in the table in subsection , by striking out ``and firefighter for firefighter service.'' and inserting in lieu thereof ``, firefighter for firefighter service, and a fish and wildlife officer for fish and wildlife service.''. Immediate Retirement.--Section 8336of such title is amended by striking out ``law enforcement officer or firefighter,'' and inserting ``law enforcement officer, a firefighter, or a''. Definitions.--Section 8401 of title 5, United States Code, is amended-- by striking out ``and'' at the end of paragraph ; by striking out the period at the end of paragraph and inserting in lieu thereof a semicolon and ``and''; and by adding at the end thereof the following new paragraph: ```fish and wildlife officer' means a law enforcement officer of the Refuge Division of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service of the Department of the Interior.''. Immediate Retirement.--Section 8412of title 5, United States Code, is amended-- in paragraph by striking out ``or firefighter,'' and inserting in lieu thereof ``firefighter, or fish and wildlife officer,''; and in paragraph by striking out ``or firefighter,'' and inserting in lieu thereof ``firefighter, or fish and wildlife officer''. Computation of Basic Annuity.--Section 8415of title 5, United States Code, is amended in the sentence following subparagraph by inserting ``fish and wildlife officer,'' after ``firefighter,''. Deductions.--Section 8422of title 5, United States Code, is amended-- in subparagraph by inserting ``fish and wildlife officer,'' after ``air traffic controller,''; and in subparagraph by inserting ``fish and wildlife officer,'' after ``air traffic controller,''. Government Contributions.--Section 8423of title 5, United States Code, is amended-- in paragraph by inserting ``fish and wildlife officer,'' after ``law enforcement officer,''; and in paragraph by inserting ``fish and wildlife officer,'' after ``law enforcement officer,''. Mandatory Separation.--Section 8425of title 5, United States Code, is amended in the second sentence by inserting ``or fish and wildlife officer'' after ``law enforcement officer''. Employee Contributions.--Any individual who has served as a fish and wildlife officer before the effective date of this Act, shall have such service credited and annuities determined in accordance with the amendments made by sections 1 and 2 of this Act, if such individual makes payment into the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund of an amount, determined by the Office of Personnel Management, which would have been deducted and withheld from the basic pay of such individual (including interest thereon) under chapters 83 and 84 of title 5, United States Code, as if such amendments had been in effect during the periods of such service. Agency Contributions.--No later than 90 days after a payment made by an individual under subsection , the Department of the Interior shall make a payment into the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund of an amount, determined by the Office of Personnel Management, which would have been contributed as a Government contribution (including interest thereon) under chapters 83 and 84 of title 5, United States Code, for the service credited and annuities determined for such individual, as if the amendments made by sections 1 and 2 of this Act had been in effect during the applicable periods of service. Regulations.--The Office of Personnel Management shall determine the amount of interest to be paid under this section and may promulgate regulations to carry out the provisions of this Act. The provisions of this Act and amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date occurring 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. civil service retirement system. (a) definitions. --section 8331 of title 5, united states code, is amended-- (1) by striking out "and" at the end of paragraph (25); (2) by inserting in lieu thereof a semicolon and "and"; and (3) by adding in lieu of the period at the beginning of paragraph, and inserting "air traffic controller," and (4) by substituting in lieu and "air Traffic controller,". (5) by taking out the period, and (6) by the beginning and end of the paragraph (7) and (8) by editing the section of the same paragraph. (7, 8331) 'fish and wildlife officer' means a law enforcement officer of the refuge division of the united states fish and wildlife service of the department of the interior. ". (b) deductions, contributions, and deposits. --sections 8334 of title five, united States code, (a), is amended. --the first sentence of the article in subsection (a)(1), by striking "a law enforcement officers," and inserting in the first sentence "law enforcement officer, a fish and Wildlife officer"; and the second sentence of that article in paragraph (a). (b). administrative provisions. --any individual who has served as a firefighter for firefighter service. " and inserting the first clause of the articles in subsection "a", by striking in the last sentence of this article, by inserting "and firefighter for firefighter service. ", firefighter for firefighters service, and a fish or wildlife officer for fish and vegetation service. ". "c) immediate retirement. --Section 8336(c)(1) of such title is amended by striking Out "law Enforcement officer or firefighter," and insertion "lawenforcement officer, or firefighter, or a fish & wildlife officer". (b. administrative provisions). sec. 2. federal employees retirement system, isa. administrative regulations. --subtitle 8401 of title5, unitedstates code, by amended-- 1) in paragraph "and' at the start of paragraph 30; (2" by inserting the period of paragraph "31); (3" by strikingout the period in the endof paragraph (32) and inserting an lieu of "air control controller,"; and (5, by adding at the End thereof the following new paragraph: "(33) 'Fish and wildlife Officer' means A law enforcement Officer of the Refuge division of a united states Fish and wildlife Service of the Department of the</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.4710259735584259</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>79</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Assault Weapons Prohibition Act of 1993''. Section 922 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Except as provided in paragraph , it shall be unlawful for any person-- ``to transfer an assault weapon; or ``to possess an assault weapon after the 90-day period that begins with the effective date of this subsection. ``Paragraph shall not apply to a transfer to or by, or a possession by or under the authority of, the United States or any department or agency thereof, or any State or a department, agency, or political subdivision thereof. ``Paragraph shall not apply to the otherwise lawful possession of an assault weapon by a person who-- ``has lawfully possessed the weapon since before the effective date of this subsection; and ``has submitted to the Secretary, in such form and in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe by regulation-- ``the name (and any former name), address, date of birth, and any driver's license number of the person; and ``the serial number of the weapon. ``Within 90 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as are necessary to carry out this subsection.''. Section 921of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ``The term `assault weapon' means-- ``Norinco, Mitchell, and Poly Technologies Avtomat Kalashnikovs (all models); ``Action Arms Israeli Military Industries UZI and Galil; ``Beretta AR-70 (SC-70); ``Colt AR-15 and CAR-15; ``Fabrique Nationale FN/FAL, FN/LAR, and FNC; ``MAC 10 and 11; ``Steyr AUG; ``INTRATEC TEC-9; ``Street Sweeper and Striker 12; ``Auto Ordnance 27A1 Thompson, 27A5 Thompson, M1 Thompson; ``Springfield BM59, SAR48, and G3SA; ``All Ruger Mini-14 models with folding stocks; and ``Armscorp FAL; ``any firearm which is functionally equivalent to any firearm specified in subparagraph ; ``a firearm having threads, lugs, or other characteristics which are designed to facilitate the direct attachment of a silencer, bayonet, grenade launcher, flash suppressor, or folding stock to the firearm; ``any part or combination of parts designed to facilitate the attachment of a silencer, bayonet, grenade launcher, flash suppressor, or folding stock to a firearm; ``a detachable magazine, drum, belt, feed strip, or similar device which has a capacity of, or can be readily restored or converted to accept, 10 or more rounds of ammunition; and ``any combination of parts-- ``designed and intended solely and exclusively for assembling-- ``a firearm specified in subparagraph , or described in subparagraph or ; or ``a device described in subparagraph ; and ``from which a firearm or device referred to in clause could be assembled if such parts were possessed or controlled by 1 person.''. ASSAULT WEAPON. The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Attorney General, may recommend to the Congress that the definition of an assault weapon in section 921of title 18, United States Code, be modified-- to include firearms not covered by the definition which should be so covered; and to exclude firearms covered by the definition which should not be so covered. Section 924of title 18, United States Code, is amended-- by inserting ``and if the firearm is an assault weapon, to imprisonment for 15 years,'' after ``ten years,''; and by inserting ``and if the firearm is an assault weapon, to imprisonment for 30 years,'' after ``twenty years,''. In General.--The Attorney General of the United States shall-- investigate and study the effect of this Act and the amendments made by this Act on violent and drug-related crime; and evaluate the recreational and other noncriminal uses of assault weapons (as defined in section 921of title 18, United States Code). Report.--Not later than 30 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall prepare and submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a report on the matters described in subsection . This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall become effective 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "assault weapons prohibition act of 1993". sec. 2. prohibition against possession or transfer of assault weapons. section 922 of title 18, united states code, is amended by adding at the end the following: "(s)(1) except as provided in paragraph (2), it shall be unlawful for any person-- " (a) to transfer an assault weapon; or " (b) to possess or transfer a weapon after the 90-day period that begins with the effective date of this subsection. "(2) (a)(i) paragraph (1) shall not apply to a transfer to or by, or a possession by or under the authority of, the united states or any department or agency thereof, or any state or a department, agency, or political subdivision thereof. "(3) shall also apply to the otherwise lawful possession of an Assault weapon by a person who-- " " (i) has lawfully possessed the weapon since before the effective Date of this subparagraph; and " (ii) has submitted to the secretary, in such form and in such manner as the secretary shall prescribe by regulation-- " “ (i- the name (and any former name), address, date of birth, and any driver's license number of the person; and “ " (ir) the serial number of an assault weapons by a persons who-- (i)( has lawfully possess the weapon until before the Effective date of the enactment of this subsections; and (ii)( has submitted a copy of the weapon to the Secretary, in any form and to such manner that the secretary may prescribe by regulations-- (a (i), in such Form and in any manner as to the type and in the manner as he shall prescribe the regulation-- (b (and the name, address, address (and such former name) address, Date of birth), and any Driver's license Number of the people; and� (ii (ii( the serial Number of a weapon. "(1) within 90 days after the date of that enactment of the subsection, the secretaryshall prescribe such regulations as are necessary to carry out this subsection.". sec. 3. definition of assault weapon. section nine21 (a" of title18, united States code, ) amended by add at the beginning the following:" "(29) the term 'assault weapon' means-- " -a) (i" norinco, mitchell, and poly technologies avtomat kalashnikovs (all modelsassault weapon. the secretary of the treasury, in consultation with the attorney general, may recommend to the congress that the definition of an assault weapon in section 921 (a)(29) of title 18, united states code, be modified-- (1) to include firearms not covered by the definition which should be so covered; and (2) to exclude firearms covered by a definition which may not be covered. sec. 5. enhanced penalties. (a) in general. --the secretary of treasury may recommend that the amendment to this act be amended-- (a), to include enhanced penalties for firearms not prohibited by section 924 (c)(1) of the definition; (b) by inserting "and if the firearm is a assault weapon, to imprisonment for 15 years," after "ten years,"; and "2) by adding " and if the gun is an assault weapons, to the firearm for 30 years," and (3) by substituting "andif the firearm are an assault rifle, to a firearm for a firearm of the same type, to life imprisonment for 30-year," after the "twenty years,". sec." 6. study by attorney general. (b). in general, the attorney attorney general of the united states shall-- ( 1) investigate and study the effect of this act and the amendments made by this act on violent and drug-related crime; and and ( 2) evaluate the recreational and other noncriminal uses of assault weapons (as defined in section921 (b)(29" of title eighteen, united States code). (b. report. --not later than 30 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the general shall prepare and submit to the committee on the judiciary of the house of representatives and the committee of the judiciary and the senate a report on the matters described in subsection (a). sec. 7. effective date. this act, the amendments to this law, and the amendment made by the act shall become effective 90 days after the act. 90 days before the act becomes effective. 90 day after the Act of the United States. Sec. 8. new penalties.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.48984453082084656</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>80</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Women's Business Procurement Assistance Act of 1993''. Section 15of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644) is amended-- in paragraph by inserting ``, small business concerns owned and controlled by women,'' after ``small business concerns'' the first place it appears in the first sentence and the first place it appears in the fourth sentence; in the first sentence of paragraph by inserting ``by small business concerns owned and controlled by women,'' after ``small business concerns,''; in the second sentence of paragraph by inserting ``, small business concerns owned and controlled by women,'' after ``small business concerns'' the first place it appears; and in the fourth sentence of paragraph by inserting ``small business concerns owned and controlled by women and'' after ``including participation by''. Section 15of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644) is amended-- by inserting ``, small business concerns owned and controlled by women,'' after ``small business concerns'' the first place it appears in paragraph , the first place it appears in paragraph , and the first place it appears in paragraph ; in paragraph by inserting ``and subcontracts'' after ``contracts''; by adding at the end of paragraph the following new sentence: ``The Administration shall submit to the Committee on Small Business of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives information obtained from such reports, together with appropriate comments.''; and in paragraph by striking ``women-owned small business enterprises'' and inserting ``small business concerns owned and controlled by women''. Statement of Policy.--Section 8of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637) is amended-- in the first sentence by inserting ``small business concerns owned and controlled by women,'' after ``small business concerns,''; and in the second sentence by inserting ``, small business concerns owned and controlled by women,'' after ``small business concerns'' the first place it appears. Contract Clause.--The contract clause specified in section 8of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637) is amended as follows: Subparagraph of such clause is amended by inserting ``, small business concerns owned and controlled by women,'' after ``small business concerns'' the first place it appears in the first sentence and the first place it appears in the second sentence. Subparagraph of such clause is amended to read as follows: ``As used in this contract, the term `small business concern' means a small business concern as defined pursuant to section 3 of the Small Business Act and relevant regulations promulgated pursuant thereto. ``As used in this contract, the term `small business concern owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals' means a small business concern-- ``which is at least 51 percent owned by one or more socially and economically disadvantaged individuals; or, in the case of any publicly owned business, at least 51 percent of the stock of which is owned by one or more socially and economically disadvantaged individuals; and ``whose management and daily business operations are controlled by one or more of such individuals. The contractor shall presume that socially and economically disadvantaged individuals include Black Americans, Hispanic Americans, Native Americans, Asian Pacific Americans, and other minorities, or any other individual found to be disadvantaged by the Administration pursuant to section 8of the Small Business Act. ``As used in this contract, the term `small business concern owned and controlled by women' means a small business concern-- ``which is at least 51 percent owned by one or more women; or, in the case of any publicly owned business, at least 51 percent of the stock of which is owned by one or more women; and ``whose management and daily business operations are controlled by such women. The contractor shall presume that women have been subjected to gender based discrimination and may determine whether a small business concern meets the percentage requirements under subclause without regard to the community property laws of any jurisdiction.''. Conforming Amendments.--Section 8of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637) is amended by inserting ``, small business concerns owned and controlled by women,'' after ``small business concerns'' the first place it appears in paragraphs , , , , , , , and . Exclusion.--No business concern shall be deemed eligible for any contract or other assistance pursuant to section 2323 of title 10, United States Code, due solely to the provisions of this section. Section 15of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644) is amended-- by inserting ``'' after ``''; by redesignating paragraphs , , , , , , , , and as subparagraphs , , , , , , , , and , respectively; by striking ``and'' at the end of subparagraph (as redesignated); in subparagraph (as redesignated), by striking out the period after ``Code'' and all that follows through ``shall be made'' and inserting in lieu thereof a comma, and by striking the period after ``contract file'' and inserting ``, and''; by inserting after subparagraph (as redesignated) the following new subparagraph: ``subject to paragraph , designate an employee of such office to be a women-in-business specialist responsible for the implementation and execution of programs designed to assist small business concerns owned and controlled by women.''; by designating the last sentence as paragraph ; and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ``The Director of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization in a Federal agency shall ensure that the women-in-business specialist designated pursuant to paragraph has sufficient knowledge of small business concerns owned and controlled by women and the Federal procurement process, other appropriate qualifications, and appropriate training from the Office of Women's Business Ownership to effectively carry out the specialist's responsibilities under this Act. ``Each women-in-business specialist designated pursuant to paragraph in a Federal agency shall work full time to initiate and execute programs to assist small business concerns owned and controlled by women in participating in the performance of contracts let by the agency. The specialist shall-- ``respond to requests from small business concerns owned and controlled by women; ``identify and solicit offers from small business concerns owned and controlled by women, as required under section 15of this Act, through means such as sending solicitation packages to such concerns for each proposed contract for which such concerns may be eligible to compete and holding workshops on procurement for such concerns; and ``regularly monitor the agency's progress toward meeting the annual goal established under subsection for participation by small business concerns owned and controlled by women.''. Section 15 the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Each Federal agency having procurement powers shall engage in affirmative efforts to identify and solicit offers from small business concerns owned and controlled by women and the small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals. To the maximum extent practicable, a representative number of such concerns shall receive solicitation packages for each proposed acquisition for which such concerns may be eligible to compete.''. The Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: `` ``Establishment.--There is established in the Small Business Administration the Office of Women's Business Ownership (hereinafter in this section referred to as the `Office'). ``Director.--The Director of the Office (hereinafter in this section referred to as the `Director') shall be appointed by the Administrator not later than sixty days after the date of the enactment of this section. ``Functions.--The Director shall perform the following functions: ``Promote, coordinate, and monitor the plans, programs, and operations of Federal departments and agencies which may contribute to the establishment, preservation, and strengthening of small business concerns owned and controlled by women. The Director may, as appropriate, develop comprehensive interagency plans and specific program goals for small business concerns owned and controlled by women with the cooperation of the departments and agencies. ``Establish policies, definitions, procedures, and guidelines to govern the implementation, interpretation, and application of this section, and generally perform such functions and take such steps as the Director may consider to be necessary or appropriate to carry out this section. ``Promote the mobilization of activities and resources of State and local governments, business and trade associations, private industry, colleges and universities, foundations, professional organizations, and volunteer and other groups toward the growth of small business concerns owned and controlled by women, and facilitate the coordination of the efforts of such groups with those of Federal departments and agencies. ``Make an annual assessment of the progress made in the Federal Government toward assisting small business concerns owned and controlled by women to enter the mainstream of business ownership and provide recommendations for future actions to the Administrator. ``Convene and consult (as necessary) with persons inside and outside government to develop and promote new ideas concerning the development of small business concerns owned and controlled by women. ``Consider the findings and recommendations of government and private sector investigations and studies of the problems of women entrepreneurs, and promote further research into such problems. ``Monitor the contracting and subcontracting performance of each department, agency, and business enterprise participating under this section. ``Promote access and participation for small business concerns owned and controlled by women to a fair proportion of the broad array of purchases and contracts for property and services for the Federal Government. ``Provide training as needed to women-in-business specialists designated pursuant to section 15to carry out their responsibilities under this Act.''. Report Requirement.--Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report comparing the number of small business concerns owned and controlled by women procuring Federal contracts during the year preceding the date of the enactment of this Act with the number of such businesses during each of the 3 years occurring after such date. If the number of such businesses did not increase significantly by the end of the 3-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall include in the report recommendations on actions that could be taken to increase the number. Sense of Congress.--If the report required under subsection shows that the number of small business concerns owned and controlled by women did not increase significantly by the end of the 3-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, it is the sense of Congress that further legislative steps should be taken to ensure that the number of Federal contracts entered into with small business concerns owned and controlled by women realistically reflects the potential of such business concerns to perform Federal contracting and subcontracting work."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "women's business procurement assistance act of 1993". sec. 2. goal setting. section 15 (g) of the small business act (15 u.s.c. 644 (g)) is amended-- (1) by inserting ", small business concerns owned and controlled by women," after "small business concerns" the first place it appears in the first sentence and the first time it appears on the first page of paragraph (2) and the fourth sentence of paragraph 1; (1), by inserting "by small business interests owned and control by women" the second place it appeared in the second sentence and, the first thing it appears, and the third sentence of paragraphs (4) by insert "by business concerns," the first person it appears to appear in the third and fourth sentences of paragraph 2; (2, in the fourth paragraph of paragraph 3; (3) in the fifth sentence of the first paragraph (1; and (2), by insertion "by Small business concerns used and controlled as women," the second person it appeared to the first and the last place it appear; (4, in third sentence and paragraph (4), the fourth and fourth sentence) by insertion ", smallbusiness concerns owned by women and" after "including participation by", and "by participation by, and" by "by, and (4). sec. 3. reporting. section 16 (h) of this small business acts (15 o.s.,c.637 (h)) is amend-- (2)(h) and section 15-h of the Small business Act (15 U.S.c.,644 (h), is amended– (1)( by inserting ".small businesses owned and Controlled by women; after "Small business concerns, after " small businesses" the third place it Appears in paragraph (3), the firstplace it appears; and "smallbusiness concerns" in paragraph 2) (f) by striking "women-owned small business enterprises" and inserting "small Business concerns owned And controlled by Women". sec (2. subcontracting. (a) statement of policy. --section 8 (d)(1) is amended "and subcontracts. after "contracts"; (3(a) by adding at the end of paragraph "1) the following new sentence: "the administration shall submit to the committee on small business of the senate and the committee of small business and the house of representatives information obtained from such reports, together with(a) of the small business act. " (iii) as used in this contract, the term 'small business concern owned and controlled by women' means a small business concern-- " (i) which is at least 51 percent owned by one or more women; or, in the case of any publicly owned business, at least 50 percent of the stock of which is owned by a woman; and " (ii) whose management and daily business operations are controlled by such women. the contractor shall presume that women have been subjected to gender based discrimination and may determine whether a smallbusiness concern meets the percentage requirements under subclause (i). " (b) the contractor may determine that the contractor must determine whether the contractor is entitled to a contract or other assistance pursuant to section 2323 of title 10, united states code, due solely to the provisions of this section. " " (c) the contractors shall presume to determine whether or not the contractor's business concern is owned and operated by women; " (d) and the contractors may determine if a contractor's small business concerns is owned, controlled by, or operated by any woman. "(c) conforming amendments. sec. 6. women-in-business specialists. section 15(k) is amended by inserting "small business concerns owned and control by women," after "smallbusiness concerns" the first place it appears in paragraphs (3) (d), (4) (c), (3.4) and (4.5) (e), (6) (a), (7) (f), (8) (b), (9) (1) (2) (3), (5) "c), and (7), (10) (B), (12) (7). (c). --no business concern shall be deemed eligible for any contract or any assistance pursuantto section 23 2323- title 10. united states Code, due only to the provision of this subsection. sec, 5. women. section 5. men-in -business specialists and section 15. women'sin-Business specialists. sections 15(b) of (15 u.s.c. 644(k)) is amended-- (1" by inserting "(1)" after "(k)"; (2" by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (1.3), "4", (5), ( 6) (6), ( 7), (11), and "9) as subparagraphs (a) (5). (b"(p) each federal agency having procurement powers shall engage in affirmative efforts to identify and solicit offers from small business concerns owned and controlled by women. to the maximum extent practicable, a representative number of such concerns shall receive solicitation packages for each proposed acquisition for which such concerns may be eligible to compete.". sec. 7. establishment of the office of women's business ownership. the small business act (15 u.s.c. 631 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: "sec. 28. office of Women's Business ownership. " (a) establishment. --there is established in the smallbusiness administration the office (hereinafter in this section referred to as the office) of women’s business ownership, and it is the sense of congress that the office will be established in this manner. " sec. 29. establishment in the office. --the administrator shall be appointed by the comptroller general not later than sixty days after the date of the enactment of this act. "Sec. 28 (a. office. " " (b) establishment." --there are established in law the office as the "office of women' business ownership (hereinfter in the section referredto as the 'office'). " (c) director. -- the director of the Office (here in this period referred to the 'director') shall be elected by the administrator not later but sixty days before the date the enactment date. "(c) functions. —the director shall perform the following functions: "(1) promote, coordinate, and monitor the plans, programs, and operations of federal departments and agencies which may contribute to the establishment, preservation, and strengthening of small business interests owned and control by women and the small businesses that are owned by women in the United States. " --the director may, as appropriate, develop comprehensive interagency plans and specific program goals for small business claims owned and Controlled by women with the cooperation of the department and agencies. "(2) establish policies, definitions, procedures, and guidelines to govern the implementation, interpretation, and application of this section, and generally perform such functions and take such steps as the director may consider to be necessary or appropriate to carry out this section. "(3) promote the mobilization of activities and resources of state and local governments, business and trade associations, private industry, colleges and universities, foundations, professional organizations, and volunteer and other groups toward the growth and development of small businesses owned and restricted by women, and facilitate the coordination of the efforts of</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6734744310379028</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>81</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Open Our Democracy Act of 2014''. PRIMARIES. Rules for Election of House Members.--A candidate for election for the office of Member of the House of Representatives shall be elected to such office pursuant to the following elections held by the State in which the candidate seeks election: A single open primary election for such office held in accordance with subsection . A single general election for such office held in accordance with subsection . Open Primaries.--Each State shall hold a single open primary election for each office of Member of the House of Representatives in the State under which-- each candidate for such office, regardless of the candidate's political party preference, shall appear on a single ballot; and each voter in the State who is eligible to vote in elections for Federal office in the Congressional district involved may cast a ballot in the election, regardless of the voter's political party preference. General Election.--Each State shall hold a general election for each office of Member of the House of Representatives in the State under which the 2 candidates receiving the greatest number of votes in the single open primary election for such office (as described in subsection ), without regard to the political party preference of such candidates, shall be the only candidates appearing on the ballot. Option of Candidates To Declare Political Party Preference.--At the time a candidate for the office of Member of the House of Representatives files to run for such office, the candidate shall have the option of declaring a political party preference, and the preference chosen (if any) shall accompany the candidate's name on the ballot for the election for such office. Designation for Candidates Not Declaring Preference.--If a candidate does not declare a political party preference under subsection , the designation ``No Party Preference'' shall accompany the candidate's name on the ballot for the election for such office. No Party Endorsement Implied.--The selection of a party preference by a candidate under subsection shall not constitute or imply endorsement of the candidate by the party designated, and no candidate in a general election shall be deemed the official candidate of any party by virtue of his or her selection in the primary. Nothing in this Act shall restrict the right of individuals to join or organize into political parties or in any way restrict the right of private association of political parties. Nothing in this Act shall restrict a party's right to contribute to, endorse, or otherwise support a candidate for the office of Member of the House of Representatives. A political party may establish such procedures as it sees fit to endorse or support candidates or otherwise participate in all elections, and may informally designate candidates for election to such an office at a party convention or by whatever lawful mechanism the party may choose, other than pursuant to a primary election held by a State. A political party may also adopt such rules as it sees fit for the selection of party officials (including central committee members, presidential electors, and party officers), including rules restricting participation in elections for party officials to those who disclose a preference for that party at the time of registering to vote. HOLIDAY FOR PURPOSES OF FEDERAL EMPLOYMENT. In General.--For purposes of any law relating to Federal employment, the Tuesday next after the first Monday in November in 2016 and each even-numbered year thereafter shall be treated in the same manner as a legal public holiday described in section 6103 of title 5, United States Code. Sense of Congress Regarding Treatment of Day by Private Employers.--It is the sense of Congress that private employers in the United States should give their employees a day off on the Tuesday next after the first Monday in November in 2016 and each even-numbered year thereafter to enable the employees to cast votes in the elections held on that day. REDISTRICTING. Study.--The Comptroller General shall conduct a study of the feasibility and desirability of enacting national standards and criteria for Congressional redistricting. Report to Congress.--Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit a report to Congress on the study conducted under subsection . ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 7.5.......................................... Before January 1, 1999. 7.75........................................ January 1, 1999, to December 31, 1999. 7.9......................................... January 1, 2000, to December 31, 2000. 7.55........................................ After January 11, 2003. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- In this Act, the term ``Member of the House of Representatives'' included a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress. Except as provided in sections 5and 6, this Act shall apply with respect to elections occurring during 2016 or any succeeding year."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "open our democracy act of 2014". sec. 2. election of members of house of representatives through open primaries. (a) rules for election of house members. --a candidate for election for the office of member of the house of representative shall be elected to such office pursuant to the following elections held by the state in which the candidate seeks election: (1) a single open primary election for such office held in accordance with subsection (b). (2) a one-day general election for each office of the House of Representatives in the state under which the candidates receiving the greatest number of votes in the first monday in november in 2016 shall appear on a single ballot. sec. 3. election for federal office. (b) election of federal office in the congressional district involved may cast a ballot in the election, regardless of the voter's political party preference. (c) general election. --each state shall hold a single wide open primary Election for each election of member's house of congress in the county under which-- (1), each candidate for such election, whether of the candidate's political affiliation, shall appear in a single primary election; and (2- each voter in the city who is eligible to vote in elections for federaloffice in the legislative district involved May cast a vote in the primary election, and (3-4) each voter who is not eligible to participate in the elections for the congressional office in that congressional district involvement may casta ballot in a ballot, regardless if the voter is political party or not. (d) general elections. --when state shall held a general election, each state may hold a general elections for each Office of Member of House of representatives in the country under which each state has a general open primary. --all states shall hold the general election in the year under which --all States shall hold an election for any office (as described in subsection (a)), without regard to the political party affiliation of such candidates, shall be the only candidates appearing on the ballot. --the election of any party is held in the same manner as the option of candidates to declare political party preferences. --at the time a candidate for the Office of member in the house is eligible for election, the candidate shall have the option to declare a political party, and the preference chosen (if any) shall accompany the candidate’s name on the ballots for the election for that office.(b) designation for candidates not declaring preference. --if</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.585753858089447</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>82</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Twenty-First Amendment Enforcement Act''. STATE LAW. The Act entitled ``An Act divesting intoxicating liquors of their interstate character in certain cases'', approved March 1, 1913 (commonly known as the ``Webb-Kenyon Act'') (27 U.S.C. 122) is amended by adding at the end the following: `` ``Definitions.--In this section-- ``the term `attorney general' means the attorney general or other chief law enforcement officer of a State, or the designee thereof; ``the term `intoxicating liquor' means any spirituous, vinous, malted, fermented, or other intoxicating liquor of any kind; ``the term `person' means any individual and any partnership, corporation, company, firm, society, association, joint stock company, trust, or other entity capable of holding a legal or beneficial interest in property, but does not include a State or agency thereof; and ``the term `State' means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or any territory or possession of the United States. ``Action by State Attorney General.--If the attorney general has reasonable cause to believe that a person is engaged in, or has engaged in, any act that would constitute a violation of a State law regulating the importation or transportation of any intoxicating liquor, the attorney general may bring a civil action in accordance with this section for injunctive relief (including a preliminary or permanent injunction or other order) against the person, as the attorney general determines to be necessary to-- ``restrain the person from engaging, or continuing to engage, in the violation; and ``enforce compliance with the State law. ``Federal Jurisdiction.-- ``In general.--The district courts of the United States shall have jurisdiction over any action brought under this section by an attorney general against any person, except one licensed or otherwise authorized to produce, sell, or store intoxicating liquor in such State. ``Venue.--An action under this section may be brought only in accordance with section 1391 of title 28, United States Code, or in the district in which the recipient of the intoxicating liquor resides or is found. ``Requirements for Injunctions and Orders.-- ``In general.--In any action brought under this section, upon a proper showing by the attorney general of the State, the court may issue a preliminary or permanent injunction or other order to restrain a violation of this section. A proper showing under this paragraph shall require clear and convincing evidence that a violation of State law as described in subsection has taken place. In addition, no temporary restraining order or preliminary injunction may be granted except upon-- ``evidence demonstrating the probability of irreparable injury if injunctive relief is not granted; and ``evidence supporting the probability of success on the merits. ``Notice.--No preliminary injunction or permanent injunction or other order may be issued under paragraph without notice to the adverse party and an opportunity for a hearing. ``Form and scope of order.--Any preliminary or permanent injunction or other order entered in an action brought under this section shall-- ``set forth the reasons for the issuance of the order; ``be specific in its terms; ``describe in reasonable detail, and not by reference to the complaint or other document, the act or acts sought to be restrained; and ``be binding upon-- ``the parties to the action and the officers, agents, employees, and attorneys of those parties; and ``persons in active concert or participation with the parties to the action who receive actual notice of the order by personal service or otherwise. ``Additional Remedies.-- ``In general.--A remedy under this section is in addition to any other remedies provided by law. ``State court proceedings.--Nothing in this section may be construed to prohibit an authorized State official from proceeding in State court on the basis of an alleged violation of any State law. `` ``Effect on Internet Tax Freedom Act.--Nothing in this Act may be construed to modify or supersede the operation of the Internet Tax Freedom Act (47 U.S.C. 151 note). ``Enforcement of Twenty-First Amendment.--It is the purpose of this Act to assist the States in the enforcement of section 2 of the twenty-first article of amendment to the Constitution of the United States, and not to impose an unconstitutional burden on interstate commerce in violation of article I, section 8, of the Constitution of the United States. No State may enforce under this Act a law regulating the importation or transportation of any intoxicating liquor that unconstitutionally discriminates against interstate commerce by out-of- State sellers by favoring local industries, erecting barriers to competition, and constituting mere economic protectionism. ``Support for Internet and Other Interstate Commerce.--Nothing in this Act may be construed-- ``to permit State regulation or taxation of Internet services or any other related interstate telecommunications services; or ``to authorize any injunction against-- ``an interactive computer service (as defined in section 230of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230); or ``electronic communication service (as defined in section 2510of title 18, United States Code) used by another person to engage in any activity that is subject to this Act.''. Effective Date.--Except as provided in subsection , this Act and the amendment made by this Act shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Application of Amendment.--The amendment made by this Act shall apply only with respect to the importation or transportation of any intoxicating liquor occurring after-- October 31, 1999, or the expiration of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, whichever is earlier, if this Act is enacted before November 1, 1999; or the date of the enactment of this Act if this Act is enacted after October 31, 1999. The Attorney General shall submit to the Congress the results of a study to determine the impact of this Act. The Attorney General shall carry out the study required by subsection and shall submit the results of such study not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Passed the House of Representatives August 3, 1999. Attest: JEFF TRANDAHL, Clerk. By Martha C. Morrison, Deputy Clerk."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "twenty-first amendment enforcement act". sec. 2. shipment of intoxicating liquor into state in violation of state law. the act entitled "an act divesting intoxicating liquors of their interstate character in certain cases", approved march 1, 1913 (commonly known as "webb-kenyon act") (27 u.s.c. 122) is amended by adding at the end the following: "sec. 2 (a) injunctive relief in federal district court. -- " (b) the act is amended to include the following. -- "(a) an interstate telecommunications service (as defined in section 230(f) of the communications act of 1934 (47 u.a.c.) 230(d) and the law of the United States of America, or the laws of the united states, or any other state or agency thereof; or "(b) electronic communication service ( as defined in sections 2510(15) of title 18, united states code) used by another person to engage in any activity that is subject to this act. "(3) the term 'person' means any individual and any partnership, corporation, company, firm, society, association, joint stock company, trust, or other entity capable of holding a legal or beneficial interest in property, but does not include a state or agencies thereof; and "(4) the terms 'state' means the state of theunited states, the district of columbia, the commonwealth of puerto rico, orany territory or possession of the divided states. " (a)(b) action by state attorney general. --if the attorney general has reasonable cause to believe that a person is engaged in, or has engaged in any act that would constitute a violation of a state law regulating the importation or transportation of any intoxicating alcohol, the attorney may bring a civil action in accordance with this section. --the attorney general may bring an action under this section, upon a preliminary or permanent injunction or other order) against the person, as the attorney-general determines to be necessary to-- "(1) restrain the person from engaging, or continuing to engage, in the violation. "(2) enforce compliance with the state law; " (c) federal jurisdiction. --an action brought under this Section may be brought only in the United states. --a civil action brought in the state. --in any action brought by any action, upon the proper showing by the attorney attorneysec. 3. effective date; application of amendment. (a) effective date. --except as provided in subsection (b), this act and the amendment made by this act shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this act, whichever is earlier. (b) application of the amendment. --the amendment makes by this Act shall apply only with respect to the importation or transportation of any intoxicating liquor occurring after-- (1) october 31, 1999, or the expiration of the 90-day period beginning on the Date of the enacted of this Act, whichever are earlier, if this act is enacted before november 1, 1999; or (2) the dateof the enactment after october 30, 1999. sec. 4. study. the attorney general shall submit to the congress the results of a study to determine the impact of this acts. the inspector general shall carry out the study required by subsection (a), and shall submit the results to such study not later than 180 days after the date, if applicable. passed the house of representatives august 3, 1999 and the senate august 2, 1999 by the house. by martha c. morrison, clerk. by j. morris, deputy clerk. deputy clerk, clerk, and clerk.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5552204251289368</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>83</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Natural Gas Reserve Act of 2001''. Title I of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act is amended by-- redesignating part E as part F; redesignating section 191 as section 198; and inserting after part D the following new part E: ``Part E--Natural Gas Reserve ``establishment ``Sec. 191. Authority.--Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary may establish, maintain, and operate a Natural Gas Reserve. The Reserve established under this part is not a component of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve established under part B of this title. ``Definition.--For the purposes of this part, the term `natural gas' has the meaning given that term in section 2of the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 (15 U.S.C. 3301). ``authority ``Sec. 192. To the extent necessary or appropriate to carry out this part, the Secretary may-- ``purchase, contract for, lease, or otherwise acquire, in whole or in part, storage and related facilities, and storage services; ``use, lease, maintain, sell, or otherwise dispose of storage and related facilities acquired under this part; ``acquire by purchase, exchange (including exchange of petroleum products from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve or received as royalty from Federal lands), lease, or otherwise, natural gas for storage in the Natural Gas Reserve; ``store natural gas in facilities not owned by the United States; and ``sell, exchange, or otherwise dispose of natural gas from the Natural Gas Reserve, including to maintain the quality or quantity of the natural gas in the Reserve or to maintain the operational capability of the Reserve. ``conditions for release; plan ``Sec. 193. Finding.--The Secretary may sell products from the Natural Gas Reserve upon a finding that there is a natural gas supply shortage. ``Release of Natural Gas.--After consultation with the natural gas industry, the Secretary shall determine procedures governing the release of natural gas from the Natural Gas Reserve. The procedures shall provide that-- ``the Secretary may-- ``sell natural gas from the Reserve through a competitive process; or ``enter into exchange agreements described in section 192; ``in all such sales or exchanges, the Secretary shall receive revenue or its equivalent that provides the Department with fair market value; ``at no time may the natural gas be sold or exchanged resulting in a loss of revenue or value to the United States; and ``the Secretary shall only sell or dispose of the natural gas in the Reserve to entities customarily engaged in the sale and distribution of natural gas. ``Plan.--Within 45 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall transmit to the Congress a plan describing-- ``the acquisition of storage and related facilities or storage services for the Natural Gas Reserve, including the potential use of storage facilities not currently in use; ``the acquisition of natural gas for storage in the Natural Gas Reserve; ``the anticipated methods of disposition of natural gas from the Natural Gas Reserve; ``the estimated costs of establishment, maintenance, and operation of the Natural Gas Reserve; ``efforts the Department will take to minimize any potential need for future drawdowns and ensure that distributors and importers are not discouraged from maintaining and increasing supplies; and ``actions to ensure quality of the natural gas in the Natural Gas Reserve. ``natural gas reserve account ``Sec. 194. Establishment.--Upon a decision of the Secretary of Energy to establish a Natural Gas Reserve under this part, the Secretary of the Treasury shall establish in the Treasury of the United States an account known as the `Natural Gas Reserve Account' (referred to in this section as the `Account'). ``Deposits.--The Secretary of the Treasury shall deposit in the Account any amounts appropriated to the Account and any receipts from the sale, exchange, or other disposition of natural gas from the Natural Gas Reserve. ``Availability.--The Secretary of Energy may obligate amounts in the Account to carry out activities under this part without the need for further appropriation, and amounts available to the Secretary of Energy for obligation under this section shall remain available without fiscal year limitation. ``exemptions ``Sec. 195. An action taken under this part is not subject to the rulemaking requirements of section 523 of this Act, section 501 of the Department of Energy Organization Act, or section 553 of title 5, United States Code.''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "natural gas reserve act of 2001". sec. 2. natural gas reserve. title i of the energy policy and conservation act is amended by-- (1) redesignating part e as part f; (2) redesignated section 191 as section 198; and (3) inserting after part d the following new part e: "part e--natural gas reserves "sec. 191. (a) authority. --notwithstanding any other provision of this act, the secretary may establish, maintain, and operate a natural gas reserves. the reserve established under this part is not a component of the strategic petroleum reserve established by part b of this title. " (b) definition. --for the purposes of this part, the term 'natural gas' has the meaning given that term in section 2(1) of the natural gas policy act of 1978 (15 u.s.c. 3301(1)). "authority "sec." 192. to the extent necessary or appropriate to carry out this part. the secretary of energy may-- "(1) purchase, contract for, lease, or otherwise acquire, in whole or in part, storage and related facilities, and storage services; "(2) use, lease or otherwise dispose of storage and other facilities acquired under this section; "(3) use by purchase, exchange (including exchange of petroleum products from the strategic Petroleum reserve or received as royalty from federal lands), lease, lease and otherwise, natural gas for storage in the naturalgas reserve; "(4) store natural gas in facilities not owned by the united states; and "(5) use the natural gases for, contract, lease/ or otherwise acquired, in part or in parcel, storage, storage of related facilities; "(6) use and storage service; "(7) use or lease, maintain or sell, or other dispose of inventory and related facility acquired underthis part; "(8) dispose of natural gas from the reserve. "(a) natural gas supply shortage. --after consultation with natural gas industry, the secretaries may-- " (a), sell natural gas to the united States; "(b) store Natural gas in facility not owned or otherwise, and "(4, sell, exchange, and otherwise disposeof natural gas; "(5, use, or else dispose of Natural gas from this reserve, including to maintain the quality or quantity of the gas in the reserve or to maintain a operational capability of the reserve.) "conditions for release; plan "sec.,</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.697834849357605</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>84</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Technology for the Classroom Act of 1993''. It is the purpose of this Act to establish a program to develop and expand the use of high quality curriculum-based learning resources using state-of-the-art technologies and techniques which are or can be designed to increase the achievement levels of students in subject areas including mathematics, science, geography, history and language arts. Competitive Grants.-- In general.--The Secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible consortia to enable such eligible consortia to develop instructional programs or technology-based systems for complete courses or units of study for a specific subject and grade level, if such programs or systems are commercially unavailable in the local area served by such eligible consortia. Eligible consortium.--For the purpose of this section the term ``eligible consortium'' means a consortium consisting of-- State or local educational agencies in partnership with businesses; and institutions of higher education or other public or private nonprofit organizations. Priority.--In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to applications describing programs or systems that are developed-- so that the program or system may be adapted and applied nationally; and to raise the achievement levels of students, particularly disadvantaged students who are not realizing their potential. Duration and Amount.--Each grant made under this section shall be awarded for a period not to exceed 3 years and in an amount not to exceed $3,000,000. Matching Requirement.--The Secretary may not make a grant to an eligible consortium under subsection unless the eligible consortium agrees that, with respect to the costs to be incurred by the eligible consortium in carrying out the program or system for which the grant was awarded, the eligible consortium will make available (from private sources) non-Federal contributions in an amount not less than 25 percent of the Federal funds provided under the grant. Application.-- In general.--Each consortium desiring a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may prescribe. Contents.--Each application submitted pursuant to paragraph shall include-- a description of how the program or system shall improve the achievement levels of students; a description of how teachers associated with the program or system will be trained to integrate technology into the classroom; and an assurance that the program or system shall effectively serve a large number or percentage of economically disadvantaged students. Criteria for Awarding Grants.--In awarding a grant under this section to develop a program or system, the Secretary shall consider the appropriateness and quality of the following elements of the program or system: Identification of specific learning objectives and strategies of the proposed course or unit of study, that take into consideration the national education standards for various disciplines as such standards are developed. Incorporation in creative ways of a variety of technology-based learning resources such as computer software, databases, films, transparencies, video and audio discs, telecommunications (including educational radio and television), and print materials. Design that allows tailoring of the program or system to meet individual needs of students, particularly students at greatest risk of not reaching their educational potential. Flexibility of use by teachers or local schools. Methods for updating or revising information and material. Programs or materials to train and guide teachers. Coordination with teacher training programs. Explanatory materials for students and parents. Field testing and evaluation in terms of stated learning objectives. Plans for pricing technology-based materials that are affordable for public schools and agencies. Plans for distribution that ensure access for the poorest schools and school districts. Demonstration of cost-effectiveness in relation to existing programs and to achieving stated learning objectives. Grants Authorized.-- In general.--The Secretary is authorized to award grants to States to enable States to carry out the activities described in the plan submitted pursuant to subsection . Amount of grant.--Except as provided in subparagraph , the Secretary shall award grants under this section to each State having a plan approved under subsection in an amount which bears the same relationship to the amount reserved to carry out this section under section 9 as the amount such State received under chapter 1 of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 bears to the amount received under such chapter by all States. No State shall receive a grant pursuant to subparagraph in an amount which is less than $100,000. Use of Grant.--Grants awarded under this section shall be used to-- identify schools or school districts which have a large number of educationally disadvantaged students and limited access to technology-based learning resources; and develop jointly, with local education agencies or individual schools, strategies to improve the accessibility and use of technology-based learning resources, including specific plans for-- training of teachers and school personnel; acquisition of hardware or software, if such acquisition presents a major barrier for accessibility to participation in the activities assisted under this section; and partnership arrangements with businesses, institutions of higher education, or other public or private nonprofit organizations. Plan.-- In general.--Each State desiring a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary a plan at such time, in such manner and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. Contents.--Each plan submitted pursuant to paragraph shall-- describe the activities and services for which assistance is sought; indicate how such State shall identify schools in need of the assistance provided under this section; include a strategy for providing such assistance; and contain assurances that such grant funds shall be focused on schools with a large percentage of educationally disadvantaged students. The Secretary shall coordinate and share information regarding curriculum-based educational technology programs assisted under this Act with other Federal agencies which administer programs that support the development of such programs, including the National Science Foundation, the Department of Defense, the Office of Technology Assessment, the Department of Energy, and the Department of Agriculture. The Secretary shall collect information about products developed pursuant to provisions of this Act and the evaluation of such products, and shall disseminate such information in regular reports to State and local educational agencies, and other organizations or individuals as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any royalties paid to any State or local educational agency as a result of assistance provided under this Act shall be used by such agency for further development of curriculum-based learning resources authorized by this Act. As used in this Act-- the terms ``institution of higher education'' and ``local educational agency'' have the same meanings given such terms by subsections and , respectively, of section 1201 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1141); and the term ``Secretary'', unless otherwise specified, means the Secretary of Education. For the purpose of carrying out this Act, there are authorized to be appropriated $90,000,000 for the fiscal year 1994 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years, of which-- 50 percent of such funds shall be available in each such fiscal year to award grants pursuant to section 3; and 50 percent of such funds shall be available in each such fiscal year to award grants pursuant to section 4."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "technology for the classroom act of 1993". sec. 2. purpose. it is the purpose of this act to establish a program to develop and expand the use of high quality curriculum-based learning resources using state-of-the-art technologies and techniques which are or can be designed to increase the achievement levels of students in subject areas including mathematics, science, geography, history and language arts. sec. 3. achievement grants. (a) competitive grants. -- (1) in general. --the secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible consortia to develop instructional programs or technology-based systems for complete courses or units of study for a specific subject and grade level, if such programs or systems are commercially unavailable in the local area served by such eligible consortsia. (2) eligible consortium. --for the purpose, the secretary shall grant grants, in general, to competitive grants, to the following: (a). --the Secretary shall award a competitive grant to the Secretary to select a consortium consisting of-- (b) state or local educational agencies in partnership with businesses; and (c) institutions of higher education or other public or private nonprofit organizations. (d) competitive bidding. --in awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to applications describing programs or technologies that are developed-- (1). --for a program or system may be adapted and applied nationally; and, (2). (3) to raise the achievement level of students, particularly disadvantaged students who are not realizing their potential. (4) program or systems. (5) duration and amount. --each grant made under this sections shall be awarded for a period not to exceed 3 years and in an amount not to exceeding $3,000,000. (b- priority. --a) priority. (6) duration. --when the secretary makes a grant to an eligible consortium under subsection (a), the secretary may make priority to the eligible consortium in carrying out programs or system. (7) to meet the requirements of the grant. (8) funding requirements. (9) funding requirement. (10) grant to a consortium. (11) grant. --there may not make a grant (a)(a) unless the eligible Consortium agrees that, with respect to the costs to be incurred by the eligible group in carrying Out the program or System for which the grant was awarded, the eligible bid will make available (from private sources) non-fsec. 4. grants to states to improve access to technology. (a) grants authorized. -- (1) in general. --the secretary is authorized to award grants to States to enable states to carry out the activities described in the plan submitted pursuant to subsection (c). (2) amount of grant. --(a) except as provided in subparagraph (b), the secretary shall award grants under this section to each state having a plan approved under subsection (b) in an amount which bears the same relationship to the amount reserved to carryout this section under section 9 as the amount such state received under chapter 1 of title i of the elementary and secondary education act of 1965 bears to the amounts received under such chapter by all states. (b). no state shall receive a grant pursuant to subparagraph (a). --grants awarded under this provision shall be awarded to each of the states having a program approved under this act. --grant awarded under section 8. -- the Secretary shall be authorized to grant grants to any state to provide information about the activities of such programs, including specific plans for-- (a), which is less than $100,000. (c) use of grant, which is used to-- (1), identify schools or school districts which have a large number of educationally disadvantaged students and limited access to Technology-based learning resources; and (2, develop jointly, with local education agencies or individual schools, strategies to improve the accessibility and use of technology-based education resources, including specifically plans for the acquisition of hardware or software, if such acquisition presents a major barrier for accessibility to participation in the activities assisted under this program; and/or (3) partnership arrangements with businesses, institutions of higher education, or other public or private nonprofit organizations. (4) plan. --each state desiring a grant under this period shall submit to the secretary a plan at such time, in such manner and accompanied by such information as the secretary may reasonably require. (2. contents. -- each plan submitted to paragraph (1, shall describe the activities and services for which assistance is sought; (b- indicate how such state shall identify schools in need of the assistance provided under this, and provide a strategy for providing such assistance; (d) contain assurances that such grant funds shall be focused on schools with a large percentage of students. sec. 5. federal interagency coordination. the secretary is responsible to provide a grant. the Secretary desiring and share information about products developed pursuant to provisions of this act and the evaluation of such</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.7125896215438843</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>85</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Frontline Medical Education Act''. QUALIFIED HEALTH CENTER UNDER ANY PROGRAM PAID FOR BY A HOSPITAL IN DETERMINING MEDICARE PAYMENTS FOR GRADUATE MEDICAL EDUCATION. Payment for Direct Costs of Graduate Medical Education.-- Section 1886of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww) is amended by striking ``setting.'' and inserting the following: ``setting (or, in the case of activities performed at an Federally-qualified health center described in section 1861, if the hospital incurs any of the costs for the training program at such center and reimburses the center for any of the costs of the program that the center incurs).''. Payment for Indirect Costs of Graduate Medical Education.-- Section 1886of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww), as amended by section 13506 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, is amended-- by striking ``entity receiving a grant'' and all that follows through ``control of the hospital'' and inserting ``Federally-qualified health center described in section 1861''; by striking ``all, or substantially all, of the costs'' and inserting ``any of the costs''; and by striking ``residents)'' and inserting ``residents and reimburses the center for any of the costs of the program that the center incurs)''. Effective Date.--The amendments made by subsections and shall apply to services furnished during cost reporting periods beginning on or after October 1, 1994. FEDERALLY-QUALIFIED HEALTH CENTERS. In General.--Title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 1889 the following new section: ``graduate medical education payments for federally-qualified health centers ``Sec. 1890. In General.--Notwithstanding any other provision of this title, in the case of any Federally-qualified health center that participates in an approved medical residency training program, in addition to any other payments that may be made to the center under this title, the Secretary shall provide for payment to the center for direct graduate medical education costs in accordance with subsection . ``Determination of Amount of Payment.-- ``In general.--Subject to paragraph , the amount of payment made to a Federally-qualified health center under this section for direct medical education for a fiscal year is equal to the product of-- ``the aggregate approved amount (as defined in paragraph ) for the year; and ``the center's medicare patient load (as defined in subsection ) for the year. ``Aggregate approved amount.--In paragraph , the term `aggregate approved amount' means, for a fiscal year, the product of-- ``the approved FTE resident amount (determined under paragraph ) for the year; and ``the weighted average number of full-time equivalent residents (as determined by the Secretary in a manner similar to the manner used to determine the number of such residents under section 1886) providing services for the center under the approved medical residency training program in which the center participates during the year. ``Determination of approved fte resident amount.-- ``In general.--For each approved medical residency training program, the Secretary shall determine an approved FTE resident amount for each fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 1995) equal to 250 percent of the national average salary for the year (as defined in subparagraph ). ``Determination of national average salary.-- ``Determination of base amount.--The Secretary shall determine a base salary amount equal to the Secretary's estimate (using the most recent available audited cost reports) of the national average salary, including fringe benefits, for a full-time-equivalent resident in an approved medical residency training program during fiscal year 1990, increased (in a compounded manner) by the sum of the estimated percentage changes in the consumer price index during the 12-month periods between the midpoint of fiscal year 1990 and the midpoint of fiscal year 1994. ``National average salary defined.--In this paragraph, the `national average salary' for a fiscal year is equal to-- ``for fiscal year 1995, the base amount determined under clause updated through the midpoint of the year by projecting the estimated percentage change in the consumer price index during the 12-month period ending at that midpoint (with appropriate adjustments to reflect previous under- or over-estimations under this subparagraph in the projected percentage change in the consumer price index); and ``for a subsequent fiscal year, the amount determined under this clause for the previous fiscal year updated through the midpoint of the year by projecting the estimated percentage change in the consumer price index during the 12-month period ending at that midpoint (with appropriate adjustments to reflect previous under- or over-estimations under this subparagraph in the projected percentage change in the consumer price index). ``Offset for reimbursement received directly through hospitals.--The amount of payment made to a Federally-qualified health center under this subsection with respect to costs incurred by the center shall be reduced by the amount of any payment received by the center from a hospital under section 1886or section 1886as reimbursement for such costs. ``Allocation of Payments Among Trust Funds.--In providing for payments under this section, the Secretary shall provide for an allocation of such payments between part A and part B (and the trust funds established under the respective parts) as reasonably reflects the proportion of direct graduate medical costs of Federally-qualified health centers associated with the provision of services under each respective part. ``Definitions.--In this section: ``The terms `approved medical residency training program', `consumer price index', `direct graduate medical education costs', and `resident' have the meaning given such terms under section 1886. ``The term `Federally-qualified health center' has the meaning given such term under section 1861. ``The term `medicare patient load' means, with respect to a Federally-qualified health center for a year, the fraction of the center's services during the year which are attributable to individuals entitled to benefits under this title (based on such measure of services as the Secretary determines to be appropriate for purposes of this section).''. Effective Date.--The amendment made by subsection shall apply to services furnished during cost reporting periods beginning on or after October 1, 1994. RECEIVING PAYMENTS FOR MEDICAL EDUCATION. Section 1861of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ``In the case of a Federally-qualified health center receiving any medical education payment described in subparagraph during a cost reporting period, the Secretary shall waive the application of any screening guideline used to determine the productivity of practitioners providing services at the center for purposes of paragraph or . ``A medical education payment described in this subparagraph is a payment made to a Federally-qualified health center-- ``by a hospital as reimbursement to the center for medical education costs, as described in section 1886or section 1886; or ``by the Secretary under section 1890.''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "frontline medical education act". sec. 2. including services of interns and residents at any federally- qualified health center under any program paid for by a hospital in determining medicare payments for graduate medical education. (a) payment for direct costs of graduate medical Education. -- section 1886(h)(4)(e) of the social security act (42 u.s.c. 1395ww(h) (b)(e)) is amended by striking "setting." and inserting the following: "setting (or, in the case of activities performed at an federally-qualified health center described in section 1861(aa)(4), if the hospital incurs any of the costs for the training program at such center and reimburses the center for the costs of the program that the center incurs).". (b) Payment for indirect costs of Graduate medical education, as amended by section 1886 (d)(5) (a)(iv) of such act (so 1886(d)(6) (d.5) and inserting "residents and reimburses the center (as defined in paragraph (2)), if the center is reimbursed for any of these costs for such training program (as described in paragraph(b)) for the year. (c) effective date. (d) payment. --section 1886 (c)(5, (b-iv) and such act "42 u.-s.C. 13 95ww (d(5) Ab)(iv)), as amended in section 13506 of the omnibus budget reconciliation act of 1993, is amended-- (1) by striking 'entity receiving a grant" and all that follows through "control of the hospital" and inserting a "federally-qualified Health center described In section 1861[aa)( 4)"; (2) by struck "all, or substantially all, of the Costs" and insertion "any of the cost"; and (3) by inserting "all (or substantially all) of all, or all, the costs" and "any "resident)" and inserting (residents (resident and reimbursed the centerfor any of those costs of " program that (the center incur)". (c). effective date, (d). --the amendments made by subsections (a), and (b). shall apply to services furnished during cost reporting periods beginning on or after october 1, 1994. sec. 3. medicare payment for indirect medical education costs of federallysecretary shall determine a base salary amount equal to the secretary's estimate (using the most recent available audited cost reports) of the national average salary, including fringe benefits, for a full-time-equivalent resident in an approved medical residency training program during fiscal year 1990, increased (in a compounded manner) by the sum of the estimated percentage changes in the consumer price index during the 12-month period ending at that midpoint (with appropriate adjustments to reflect previous under- or over-estimations under this subparagraph in the projected percentage change in the Consumer price index). " (i) national average wages defined. --in this paragraph, the 'national average salary' for a fiscal year is equal to-- " (ii) for fiscal year 1995, the base amount determined under clause (i)( updated through the midpoint of the year by projecting the estimated percentages change in a consumer price Index during the twelve-month periods ending at the midpoints (with applicable adjustments to the sum in the CPI inflation rate, as well as the estimated percent change in consumer price inflation rate during the year ending at this midpoint, as compared to the estimated portion of the consumer prices index during that 12-months period ending in the mid-year (with relevant adjustments to include previous over- or under-estimalations underthis subparagraph in this subparagraph and the projected percent change of the Consumer Price index); and " (iii) for a subsequent fiscal year, the amount determined by this clause for the previous fiscal year updated through this clause and the corresponding portion of this subparagraph for the next fiscal year. --the amount determined in this clause, the sum determined under this clause (a) updated through a midpoint and the previous year by projection the estimated Percentage change in inflation rate (with the estimated proportion change in both the consumer Price index during this 12-Month period ending and the estimated part of this paragraph in the projection percentage change for this subparagraph). "(4) offset for reimbursement received directly through hospitals. -- the amount of payment made to a federally-qualified health center under this subsection with respect to costs incurred by the center shall be reduced by the amountof any payment received by the Center from a hospital under section 1886 (d)(5) (b)(iv) or section 1886(h)(4)(e) as reimbursement for such costs. " (c) allocation of payments among trust funds. -- in providing for payments under this section, the secretary shall provide for an allocation of such payments between part a and part b (and the trust</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5802886486053467</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>86</ROW><BILL>"Short Title.--This Act may be cited as the ``Acquisition Savings Reform Act of 2011''. Table of Contents.--The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Use of reverse auction methods. Sec. 4. Federal Strategic Sourcing Initiative. Sec. 5. Savings through leveraging the Federal Government's purchasing power. Sec. 6. Governmentwide contract vehicles. Sec. 7. Streamlining of contract closeouts. Sec. 8. Affordability as a requirement for certain acquisition plans. Sec. 9. Cost efficiency objectives for service contracts. Sec. 10. Establishing governmentwide acquisition savings criteria. Sec. 11. Office of Management and Budget savings requirements. Sec. 12. Expedited payment to small business. In this Act: Approved business case.--The term ``approved business case'' means a business case approved by the senior procurement executive of an executive agency. Acquisition.--The term ``acquisition'' has the meaning given the term in section 131 of title 41, United States Code. Commercial item.--The term ``commercial item'' has the meaning given the term in section 103 of title 41, United States Code. Executive agency.--The term ``executive agency'' has the meaning given the term in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. Federal acquisition regulation.--The term ``Federal Acquisition Regulation'' means the Federal Acquisition Regulation maintained under section 1303of title 41, United States Code. Federal acquisition regulatory council.--The term ``Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council'' means the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council established under section 1302of title 41, United States Code. Federal strategic sourcing vehicles .--The term ``Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicles'' means a kind of governmentwide interagency acquisition contract or agreement designated by the Office of Management and Budget to leverage the Federal Government's buying power and save taxpayers money. Interagency contract.--The term ``interagency contract''-- includes-- governmentwide acquisition contracts as defined in Federal Acquisition Regulation part 2.101; multi-agency contracts as defined in Federal Acquisition Regulation part 2.101; Federal Supply Schedule contracts; and franchise funds; and does not include contracts entered into under the authority of section 1535 of title 31, United States Code. Procurement.--The term ``procurement'' has the meaning given the term in section 111 of title 41, United States Code. Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation to require the heads of executive agencies, to the extent possible, to use online reverse auction, or an equivalent method, in the procurement of commercial items above the simplified acquisition threshold whenever doing so would be expected to result in savings to the agencies. The regulatory guidance shall address the circumstances in which use of reverse auctions is appropriate, and shall direct agencies, in deciding whether to use auctions or an equivalent method, to consider the dollar volume of the acquisition and potential to streamline the procurement for the agency and vendors. Consideration in Acquisition Planning Process.--Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation to require the consideration of Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicles in the acquisition planning process, by including a listing of Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicles in the ``Priorities for use of Government supply sources'' for Supplies and Services. The Office of Management and Budget shall maintain a website with the current list of Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicles. The Supplies priority shall be after the priority for wholesale supply services. The Services priority shall be after services which are on the Procurement List maintained by the Committee for Purchase From People Who are Blind or Severely Disabled. The Federal Acquisition Regulation shall be amended to authorize purchases from other than from Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicles, provided that consideration is given to its use in the acquisition planning process. The plan will be documented to acknowledge why usage of other than Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicles is warranted. The acknowledgment shall indicate that such action is judged to be in the best interest of the Federal Government in terms of the combination quality, timeliness, and cost that best meets the requirement. Cost comparisons shall include the administrative cost of the acquisition. Unusual and compelling urgency as prescribed in the Federal Acquisition Regulation shall also be an authorized reason from deviating from the Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicles. Maximization of Small Business and Other Socioeconomic Categories in Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicles.--The Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy shall issue policy maximizing the participation of small business and other socioeconomic categories such as service-disabled veteran-owned small business in these Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicles. Agencies shall also be credited towards their small business goals when awarding to small business Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicle contract holders. Identification of Designated Federal Strategic Source Vehicles.--The Office of Management and Budget shall identify on its website a list of all Federal Strategic Source Vehicle contracts and agreements and awardees. Inclusion of Information Technology Purchases and Services in Initiative.-- Data collection.--The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall prescribe regulations requiring Chief Information Officers and Chief Acquisition Officers of executive agencies to develop and gather such data on information technology purchases and service acquisitions by North American Industrial Classification codes. Annual report.--The regulations prescribed under this subsection shall require the head of each executive agency to submit to the Director of Office of Management and Budget an annual report through fiscal year 2016 including the data collected under paragraph and a plan for the strategic sourcing of information technology purchases and common commercial services. The plan shall include specific milestones, measurable savings, and evaluation criteria. Reporting.--The head of each executive agency shall submit to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget an annual report for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2016, estimating the amount of savings achieved through the usage of Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicles and through other measurable acquisition savings methods approved by the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy. The report shall also specify by each Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicle commodity what guidance the agency has issued to employees instructing them to procure goods or services through the Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicle. If the agency has not issued such guidance to their employees, the agency shall submit an explanation. POWER. Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall develop a plan to achieve not less than $1,000,000,000 in measurable savings through Federal Strategic Sourcing Vehicles for fiscal years 2013 through 2016. The plan shall include an annual scorecard measuring the success of each executive agency in achieving savings. Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation to provide that-- where an agency is unable to satisfy the requirements from a mandatory source, agencies are strongly encouraged to utilize Federal Supply Schedules, governmentwide acquisition contracts, multi-agency contracts, and any other procurement instruments intended for use by multiple agencies, including blanket purchase agreements under Federal Supply Schedule contracts absent a written justification that the governmentwide contract is not in the best interest of the Federal Government; agencies shall promote acquisition strategies utilizing these vehicles to maximize participation of small businesses and other socioeconomic categories, including set-asides of acquisitions under these vehicles; and contracting officers shall be encouraged by agency guidance to maximize competition under these vehicles to the maximum amount practicable with the goal of achieving the best value to the Federal Government. Authority To Waive Contract Closeout Audits.-- Authority.--Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation to provide contracting officers the authority to waive contract closeout audits above the simplified acquisition purchase threshold based on risk assessments. Factors upon which an assessment of low risk may include time and material contracts, low dollar cost type contracts, and contractors with approved business systems, strong internal controls, and good past performance ratings. Guidance.--Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy, in collaboration with the Director of the Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, shall issue guidance for assisting contracting officials in determining when waivers of contract closeout audits pursuant to paragraph are appropriate. Use of abilityone program.--Where practicable, and in accordance with the Javits-Wagner-O'Day Act (41 U.S.C. 46 et seq.) as administered by the Committee For Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled, utilize the AbilityOne Program to accomplish non-inherently governmental tasks associated with contract or grant close-out in those cases where a Federal agency utilizes contractor support for close- out functions. Firm-Fixed Contracts.--Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation to provide that, on firm-fixed contracts-- contractors shall submit a final invoice within 60 days of Federal Government acceptance or relinquish payment unless exempted by the contracting officer; the contracting officer may-- close a contract without a final invoice if the amount due is less than $1,000 and less than 10 percent of the contract value; and unilaterally deobligate any unliquidated obligations remaining on the contract; and such contracts may be closed with missing contract documentation if no additional product or service will be received by the Federal Government and there are no outstanding administrative actions. Authority To Write Off Unreconciled Balances for Low-Risk Contracts.--Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation to provide contracting officers, with approval one level above the contracting officer concerned, the authority to write off unreconciled balances on low-risk contracts in cases in which-- all administrative actions are complete, including final payment to the contractor unless exempted under subsection ; and a written notice of the action has been sent to the payment office responsible for the contract. Authority To Grant Exemptions.--The regulations promulgated under this section shall permit the head of contracting activity to grant exemptions to the requirements under this section, with the exemptions included in the contract file. Contracting Officer Defined.--In this section, the term ``contracting officer'' includes procuring and administrative contracting officers. In General.--Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation to require heads of executive agencies to mandate that affordability be included as a requirement for major systems, research and development, construction and architect- engineering acquisitions prior to the approval of any acquisition plan exceeding $100,000,000. Affordability Defined.--In this section, the term ``affordability'' refers to conducting an acquisition program at a cost constrained by the maximum resources that an executive agency can allocate for a particular capability. Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation to require service contracts valued at more than $100,000,000 include provisions to achieve productivity improvements and cost efficiencies. The regulation shall permit the head of contracting activity to grant exceptions to this requirement which shall be included in the contract file. The Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy, in collaboration with the Director of the Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, shall establish at least one year from enactment a methodology to track and monitor progress made by executive agencies in achieving measurable acquisition savings. Measurable acquisition savings should include price reductions and cost savings through reduced acquisition costs such as administrative costs. Plan for Reduced Use of Time and Materials Contracts.--Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy, in coordination with the Administrator of General Services and the Secretary of Defense, shall develop a plan for reducing the use of time and materials and labor hour contracts, including for orders under indefinite delivery/ indefinite quantity contracts. Report on Spending on Management Support Service Contracts.-- Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy, in collaboration with the Director of the Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, shall submit to Congress a report on reduced spending on management support service contracts. Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation to reflect that governmentwide policy is to assist small business concerns by paying them as quickly as possible after invoices and all proper documentation, including acceptance, are received and before normal payment due dates established in the contract."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title; table of contents. (a) short title. --this act may be cited as the "acquisition savings reform act of 2011". (b) table of content. --the table of items for this act is as follows: sec. 1. long title; tables of contents, sec. 2. definitions. sec. 3. use of reverse auction methods. sec, 4. federal strategic sourcing initiative. sec., 5. savings through leveraging the federal government's purchasing power. sec,. 6. governmentwide contract vehicles. sec (a. 5. streamlining of contract closeouts. sec.. 7. affordability as a requirement for certain acquisition plans. sec.- 8. cost efficiency objectives for service contracts. sec - 10. establishing governmentwide acquisition savings criteria. -- sec. 11. office of management and budget savings requirements. sec- 12. expedited payment to small business. --sec. 12. executive agencies, in deciding whether to use the agency's buying power and save taxpayers money. sec.: (1) approved business case. -- the term "approved business case" means a business case approved by the senior procurement executive of an executive agency. --not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this act, the executive agency and the executive agencies of the United States code shall amend the federal acquisition regulation to require the heads of executive agencies to use online reverse auctions, or online reverse auction, or an equivalent method, in order to reduce the cost of their buying power. (2) executive agencies. (3) executive agency, --the term "executive agency" means the term in section 133 of title 41, united states code. (4) executive business case --the terms "approved Business case" has the meaning given the terms in section 1303 (a)(1) of title 31, united States code. --a executive agency (a, executive agency) means the senior executive agency of the executive bureau of the federal agency. (5) executive executive agency or agreement designated by the executive director of executive agency to leverage the executive power of the U.S. government's procurement power and saving taxpayers money, (6) federal acquisition. --The term "Executive executive agency" has been given the term for section 1302 (a-1) in title 41. united states Code. (7) executive director. (1, executive agencies and executive agencies) --the word "Executive agency" (a), executive agency is the term given the meaning in section 133the federal acquisition regulation shall be amended to authorize purchases from other than from federal strategic sourcing vehicles, provided that consideration is given to its use in the acquisition planning process. the plan will be documented to acknowledge why usage of other than federal strategic sources vehicles is warranted. the acknowledgment shall indicate that such action is judged to be in the best interest of the federal government in terms of the combination quality, timeliness, and cost that best meets the requirement. cost comparisons shall include the administrative cost of the acquisition. unusual and compelling urgency as prescribed in the federal acquisition regulations shall also be an authorized reason from deviating from the federal strategic source vehicles. (b) maximization of small business and other socioeconomic categories in federal strategic planning vehicles. --the administrator for federal procurement policy shall issue policy maximizing the participation of small businesses and other economic categories such as service-disabled veteran-owned small business in these federal strategic sourced vehicles. agencies shall also receive a credit towards their small business goals when awarding to small business federal strategic suppliers. agencies may also be credited towards their Small Business federal strategic funding vehicles. the office of management and budget shall identify on its website a list of all federal strategic supplier vehicle contracts and agreements and awardees. (c) minimization of participation in small business, other socioeconomic category in federal Strategic sourcing vehicles. -the administrator of federal procurement policies shall issue a policy maximizing small business. -- (1) small business-owned and other non-service-disabled veterans-owned, non-profit small business to small businesses federal strategic procurement vehicle contract holders. (d) identification of designated federal strategic Source vehicles. —the office of manager and budget, chief information officers and chief acquisition officers of executive agencies to identify on their website a lists of all government strategic source vehicle contracts, agreements, awardees, and other government strategic sourcing vehicle contracts. (a) inclusion of information technology purchases and services in initiative. --(1) data collection and --the director of the officeof management and the director of office of leadership shall prescribe regulations requiring chief information officer and chief acquire officers of Executive agencies to develop and gather such data on information technology expenditures and service acquisitions by north american industrial classification codes. (2) annual report. -- the regulations prescribed under this subsection shall require the head of each executive agency to submit to the directorof office of Management and budget an annual report through fiscal year 2016 including the data collected under paragraph (1), and a plan for the strategic sourcing of information information technology purchased and common commercial services. the plans shall include specific milestonesperformance ratings. (2) guidance. --not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this act, the administrator for federal procurement policy, in collaboration with the director of the defense procurement and acquisition policy, shall issue guidance for assisting contracting officials in determining when waivers of contract closeout audits pursuant to paragraph (1) are appropriate. (3) use of abilityone program. --where practicable, and in accordance with the javits-wagner-o'day act (41 u.s.c. 46 et seq. ) as administered by the committee for purchase from people who are blind or severely disabled, the federal acquisition regulatory council shall provide guidance for the use of the abilityone-based program to assist contracting officials with the implementation of the requirements of the law. sec. 11. use of contractor support for close-out functions. --when practicable, the U.S. Department of Defense, in conjunction with the secretary of defense, in consultation with the Director of the Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, shall provide that, in the absence of a requirement for a contractor to perform non-inherently governmental tasks associated with contract or grant closeout in those cases where a federal agency utilizes contractor support to close- out functions. (b) firm-fixed contracts. -- not later than 90 days after a date of this Act, the national acquisition regulatory Council shall amend the federal acquired regulation to provide that: (a) firm contracts shall be closed with a final invoice within 60 days of federal government acceptance or relinquish payment unless exempted by the contracting officer; and (b, the contracting officers shall submit a final invoicing unless exempted from the federal government; (2, the contractor shall submit an invoice within 30 days of the date, the contract; and the contracting is closed with missing contract documentation if exempted by a contracting officer. (c) authority to write off unreconciled balances for low-risk contracts. (a.e. --in this section, the term "subcontracting officer" includes procuring and administrative contracting officers; (b-c) author of the provision of the contract. (d) authority of the authority to writing off unreconsciled balance for low,risk contracts, the Federal acquisition regulatoryCouncil shall amend this act to provide contracting officers, with approval one level above the contractor concerned, the authority for write off unconcilable balances on low-cost contracts in cases in which the contractor is not exempted under subsection (b)(1); andnot later than one year after the date of the enactment of this act, the administrator for federal procurement policy, in collaboration with the director of the defense procurement and acquisition policy, shall submit to congress a report on reduced spending on management support service contracts. sec. 12. expedited payment to small business. not later than 270 days after the expiration of this Act, the federal acquisition regulatory council shall amend the federal Acquisition regulation to reflect that governmentwide policy is to assist small business concerns by paying them as quickly as possible after invoices and all proper documentation, including acceptance, are received and before normal payment due dates established in the contract. not sooner than 270 day after the enactment, the U.S. Department of Defense shall amend its federal acquisition regulation, including the federal acquisitions regulatory council, shall amend it to include that government-wide policy to assist Small Business concerns by pay them as quick as possible before invoicing and all necessary documentation,including acceptance, and after normal payment to the contract, and before the federal government shall submit a report to congress on the process of payment to Small Business.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6336682438850403</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>87</ROW><BILL>"Short Title.--This Act may be cited as the ``Biodiesel Energy Development Act of 1997''. Table of Contents.--The table of contents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I--ALTERNATIVE FUELS--GENERAL Sec. 101. Definitions. Sec. 102. Amendments to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act. Sec. 103. Minimum Federal fleet requirement. TITLE II--ALTERNATIVE FUELS--NON-FEDERAL PROGRAMS Sec. 201. State and local incentives programs. Sec. 202. Alternative fuel bus program. Sec. 203. Alternative fuel use in nonroad vehicles, engines, and marine vessels. TITLE III--AVAILABILITY AND USE OF REPLACEMENT FUELS, ALTERNATIVE FUELS, AND ALTERNATIVE FUELED VEHICLES Sec. 301. Mandate for alternative fuel providers. Sec. 302. Replacement fuel supply and demand program. Sec. 303. Modification of goals; additional rulemaking authority. Sec. 304. Fleet requirement program. Sec. 305. Credits. Sec. 306. Secretary's recommendation to Congress. TITLE I--ALTERNATIVE FUELS--GENERAL Section 301 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13211) is amended-- in paragraph , by striking ``derived from biological materials'' and inserting ``derived from domestically produced renewable biological materials (including biodiesel) at mixtures not less than 20 percent by volume''; in paragraph , by striking subparagraph and inserting the following: ``a motor vehicle (other than an automobile) or marine vessel that is capable of operating on alternative fuel, gasoline, or diesel fuel, or an approved blend of alternative fuel and petroleum-based fuel.''; by redesignating paragraphs through as paragraphs , , , and , respectively; by inserting after paragraph the following: ``the term `heavy duty motor vehicle' means a motor vehicle or marine vessel that is greater than 8,500 pounds gross vehicle weight rating;''; by inserting after paragraph (as redesignated by paragraph ) the following: ``the term `marine vessel' means a motorized watercraft or other artificial contrivance used as a means of transportation primarily on the navigable waters of the United States;''; in paragraph (as redesignated by paragraph ), by striking ``biological materials'' and inserting ``domestically produced renewable biological materials (including biodiesel)''. Section 400AA of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6374) is amended-- in the second sentence of subsection , by striking ``vehicles converted to use alternative fuels may be acquired if, after conversion,'' and inserting ``existing fleet vehicles may be converted to use alternative fuels at the time of a major vehicle overhaul or rebuild, or vehicles that have been converted to use alternative fuels may be acquired, if''; and in subsection -- in paragraph , by striking ``derived from biological materials'' and inserting ``derived from domestically produced renewable biological materials (including biodiesel) at mixtures not less than 20 percent by volume''; in paragraph , by striking subparagraph and inserting the following: ``a motor vehicle (other than an automobile) or marine vessel that is capable of operating on alternative fuel, gasoline, or diesel fuel, or an approved blend of alternative fuel and petroleum-based fuel; and''; and in paragraph , by inserting ``or marine vessel'' [Same questions as above.] after ``a vehicle''. Section 303 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13212) is amended-- by redesignating subsections through as subsections through , respectively; and by inserting after subsection the following: ``Heavy Duty and Dual-Fueled Vehicle Compliance Credits.-- ``In general.--For purposes of meeting the requirements of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator of General Services, if appropriate, shall permit a Federal fleet to acquire 1 heavy duty alternative fueled vehicle in place of 2 light duty alternative fueled vehicles. ``Additional credits.--For purposes of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator of General Services, if appropriate, shall permit a Federal fleet to take an additional credit for the purchase and documented use of alternative fuel used in a dual-fueled vehicle, comparable conventionally-fueled motor vehicle, or marine vessel. ``Accounting.-- ``In general.--In allowing a credit for the purchase of a dual-fueled vehicle or alternative fuel, the Secretary may request a Federal agency to provide an accounting of the purchase. ``Guidelines.--The Secretary shall include any request made under subparagraph in the guidelines required under section 308. ``Fuel and vehicle neutrality.--The Secretary shall carry out this subsection in a manner that is, to the maximum extent practicable, neutral with respect to the type of fuel and vehicle used.''. TITLE II--ALTERNATIVE FUELS--NON-FEDERAL PROGRAMS Establishment of Program.--Section 409of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13235) is amended-- in paragraph , by striking ``alternative fueled vehicles'' and inserting ``light and heavy duty alternative fueled vehicles and increasing the use of alternative fuels''; and in paragraph -- in subparagraph , by inserting after ``introduction of'' the following: ``converted or acquired light and heavy duty''; in subparagraph , by inserting after ``of sales of'' the following: ``, incentives toward use of, and reporting requirements relating to''; and in subparagraph -- by redesignating clauses through as clauses through , respectively; and by inserting after ``cost of--'' the following: ``alternative fuels;''. Federal Assistance to States.--Section 409of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13235) is amended-- in paragraph -- in subparagraph , by striking ``and'' at the end; in subparagraph , by striking the period at the end and inserting ``; and''; and by adding at the end the following: ``grants of Federal financial assistance for the incremental purchase cost of alternative fuels.''; in paragraph , by inserting after ``be introduced'' the following: ``and the volume of alternative fuel likely to be consumed''; and in paragraph -- by inserting ``alternative fuels and'' after ``in procuring''; and by inserting ``fuels and'' after ``of such''. General Provisions.--Section 409of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13235) is amended by inserting after ``alternative fueled vehicles in use'' the following: ``and volume of alternative fuel consumed''. Section 410of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13236) is amended in the second sentence by striking ``and the conversion of school buses to dedicated vehicles'' and inserting ``the incremental cost of alternative fuels used in flexible fueled school buses, and the conversion of school buses to alternative fueled vehicles''. VESSELS. Section 412 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13238) is amended-- in the section heading, by striking ``and engines'' and inserting ``, engines, and marine vessels''; by striking ``vehicles and engines'' each place it appears in subsections and and inserting ``vehicles, engines, and marine vessels''; in subsection -- in the subsection heading, by striking ``Nonroad Vehicles and Engines'' and inserting ``In General''; in paragraph -- in the first sentence, by striking ``a study'' and inserting ``studies''; and in the second sentence-- by striking ``study'' and inserting ``studies''; and by striking ``2 years'' and inserting ``2, 6, and 10 years''; in paragraph -- by striking ``study'' each place it appears and inserting ``studies''; and in the second sentence, by inserting ``or marine vessels'' after ``such vehicles''; and in paragraph -- by striking ``report'' and inserting ``reports''; and by striking ``may'' and inserting ``shall''; and in subsection -- in the subsection heading, by striking ``and Engines'' and inserting ``, Engines, and Marine Vessels''; and by striking ``rail transportation, vehicles used at airports, vehicles or engines used for marine purposes, and other vehicles or engines'' and inserting ``rail and waterway transportation, vehicles used at airports and seaports, vehicles or engines used for marine purposes, marine vessels, and other vehicles, engines, or marine vessels''. TITLE III--AVAILABILITY AND USE OF REPLACEMENT FUELS, ALTERNATIVE FUELS, AND ALTERNATIVE FUELED VEHICLES Section 501 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13251) is amended-- in subsection , by inserting ``or heavy'' after ``new light''; and in subsection -- in paragraph , by striking ``and'' at the end; in paragraph , by striking the period at the end and inserting ``; and''; and by adding at the end the following: ``allow the conversion of an existing fleet vehicle into a dual-fueled alternative fueled vehicle at the time of a major overhaul or rebuild of the vehicle, if the original equipment manufacturer's warranty continues to apply to the vehicle, pursuant to an agreement between the original equipment manufacturer and the person performing the conversion.''. Section 502 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13252) is amended-- in the first sentence of subsection , by inserting ``and heavy'' after ``in light''; and in the first sentence of subsection , by inserting after ``October 1, 1993,'' the following: ``and every 5 years thereafter through October 1, 2008,''. Section 504 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13254) is amended-- in the first sentence of subsection , by striking ``and periodically thereafter'' and inserting ``consistent with the reporting requirements of section 502''; and in subsection , by inserting after the first sentence the following: ``Any additional regulation issued by the Secretary shall be, to the maximum extent practicable, neutral with respect to the type of fuel and vehicle used.''. Fleet Program Purchase Goals.--Section 507of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13257) is amended by inserting ``acquired as, or converted into,'' after ``shall be''. Fleet Requirement Program.--Section 507of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13257) is amended-- in paragraph , by inserting ``acquired as, or converted into,'' after ``shall be''; by redesignating paragraph as paragraph ; and by inserting after paragraph the following: ``Substitutions.--The Secretary shall, by rule, permit fleets covered under this section to substitute the acquisition or conversion of 1 heavy duty alternative fueled vehicle for 2 light duty vehicle acquisitions to meet the requirements of this subsection.''. Conversions.--Section 507of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13257) is amended-- by striking ``Nothing in'' and inserting the following: ``In general.--Subject to paragraph , nothing in''; and by adding at the end the following: ``Conversion into alternative fueled vehicles.-- ``In general.--A fleet owner shall be permitted to convert an existing fleet vehicle into an alternative fueled vehicle, and purchase the alternative fuel for the converted vehicle, for the purpose of compliance with this title or an amendment made by this title, if the original equipment manufacturer's warranty continues to apply to the vehicle, pursuant to an agreement between the original equipment manufacturer and the person performing the conversion. ``Credits.--A fleet owner shall be allowed a credit for the conversion of an existing fleet vehicle and the purchase of alternative fuel for the vehicle.''. Mandatory State Fleet Programs.--Section 507of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13257) is amended-- in paragraph -- by inserting ``or heavy'' after ``new light''; and by inserting ``or converted'' after ``acquired''; and in the first sentence of paragraph -- by striking ``this Act'' and inserting ``the Biodiesel Energy Development Act of 1997''; and by inserting after ``of light'' the following: ``or heavy duty alternative fueled''. In General.--Section 508of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13258) is amended-- by striking ``The Secretary'' and inserting the following: ``Additional alternative fueled vehicles.--The Secretary''; and by adding at the end the following: ``Alternative fuel.--The Secretary shall allocate a credit to a fleet or covered person that acquires a volume of alternative fuel equal to the estimated need for 1 year for any dual-fueled vehicle acquired or converted by the fleet or covered person as required under this title.''. Allocation.--Section 508of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13258) is amended-- by striking ``In allocating credits under subsection ,'' and inserting the following: ``Additional alternative fueled vehicles.--In allocating credits under subsection ,''; and by adding at the end the following: ``Dual-fueled vehicles; alternative fuel.--In allocating credits under subsection , the Secretary shall allocate 2 credits to a fleet or covered person for acquiring or converting a dual-fueled vehicle and acquiring a volume of alternative fuel equal to the estimated need for 1 year for any dual-fueled vehicle if the dual-fueled vehicle acquired is in excess of the number that the fleet or covered person is required to acquire or is acquired before the date that the fleet or covered person is required to acquire the number under this title.''. Section 509of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13259) is amended-- in paragraph , by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ``and exempting replacement fuels from taxes levied on non-replacement fuels''; and in paragraph -- by inserting ``and converters'' after ``suppliers''; and by inserting before the semicolon the following: ``, including the conversion and warranty of motor vehicles into alternative fueled vehicles''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title; table of contents. (a) short title. --this act may be cited as the "biodiesel energy development act of 1997". (b) table of content. --the tables of contents of this act is as follows: sec. 1.short title; tables of content, and sec. 2. title i--alternative fuels--general sec. 101. definitions. sec. 102. amendments to the energy policy and conservation act. sec, 103. minimum federal fleet requirement. sec., 103. requirements for alternative fuel providers sec. 201. state and local incentives programs sec. 202. alternative fuel bus program. sec,. 203. alternative fuels use in nonroad vehicles, engines, and marine vessels. title iii--availability and use of replacement fuels, alternative fuels, and alternative fueled vehicles sec. 302. mandate for alternative fuels providers. sec." 302. replacement fuel supply and demand program; additional rulemaking authority; additional rulesmaking authority. Sec. 304. fleet requirement program. Sec., 202. state, local incentives program.sec. 305. credits. sec.. 306. secretary's recommendation to congress. title ii--alternatives fuels--General sec. 103. definitions and use in alternative fuels sec. 301. availability and use for replacement fuel, alternative fuel, and alternate fueled vehicles Sec. 301a. mandate; replacement fuels supply and supply anddemand program. min. 303. modification of goals; additional Rulemaking authority, sec. 304a. fleet requirements program. net. 304b fleet requirement scheme. sec.: 305. credit. sec.- 306. secretaries' recommendation to Congress. sec... 306. Secretary's recommendation. sec.--alternative fuel--general Sec. 101 and definitions. section 301 of the energypolicy act of 1992 (42 u.s.c. 13211) is amended-- (1) in paragraph (2), by striking "derived from biological materials" and inserting "derived (derived from domestically produced renewable biological materials (including biodiesel) at mixtures not less than 20 percent by volume"; (2) in paragraphs (8), by struck subparagraph (b), by inserting "b) a motor vehicle (other than an automobile) or marine vessel that is capable of operating on alternate fuel, gasoline, or diesel fuel, or an approved blend of alternative fuel and petroleum-based fuel. "; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (11) through (14) as paragraphs (12), (14), (15), and (16), respectively;vehicle". sec. 103. minimum federal fleet requirement. section 303 of the energy policy act of 1992 (42 u.s.c. 13212) is amended-- (1) by redesignating subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (d) through and (g), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the following: " (c-d) heavy duty and dual-fueled vehicle compliance credits. -- "(1) in general. --for purposes of meeting the requirements of this section, the secretary, in consultation with the administrator of general services, if appropriate, shall permit a federal fleet to acquire 1 heavy duty alternative fueled vehicle in place of 2 light duty alternative fuel vehicles. "(2) additional credits. -for purposesof meeting the requirement of this subsection, the Secretary, in conjunction with the Administrator of General Services, if applicable, shall allow a federal fleets to acquire a heavy duty or dual- fuel vehicle in addition of 2 heavy duty alternatives fueled vehicles. " (a) additional credit. -- " (b in general). --for the purposes of the requirements and the secretary may request a federal agency to provide an accounting of the purchase of a dual-Fueled vehicle or alternative fuel. --(a) " additional credit for the purchase and documented use of alternative fuel used. -- (a, in general.) --the secretary shall take an additional credit to provide a credit for a purchase of an alternative fuel vehicle or alternate fuel. "(b) credit for use of alternate fuel used in a vehicle. "(3) accounting. -- the secretary shall provide an account of the use of a vehicle and use of an alternate fuel to the extent that the vehicle is used. "(a) accounting of purchase. --the Secretary may request that a federal agencies to provide the accounting of a purchase. "(4) accounting for use. --The secretary shall include any request made under subparagraph (a)(a) in the guidelines required under section 308. "(5) fuel and vehicle neutrality. -the secretaryshall carry out this subsection in a manner that is, to the maximum extent practicable, neutral with respect to the type of fuel or vehicle used. ". title ii--alternative fuels--non-federal programs sec. 201. state and local incentives programs. (a. state. state, local incentives program. --section 409 (a" of the Energy policy acts of 1992. 13235 (b)) is amended. -- section 409 (1" of a energy policy acts (sec. 202. alternative fuel bus program. section 410 (c) of the energy policy act of 1992 (42 u.s.c. 13236 (c)) is amended in the second sentence by striking "and the conversion of school buses to dedicated vehicles" and inserting "the incremental cost of alternative fuels used in flexible fueled school buses, and the conversion thereof to alternative fueled vehicles". sec. 203. alternative fuels use in nonroad vehicles, engines, and marine vessels. section 412 of the Energy policy act (42 U.S.C. 13238) is amended-- (1) in the section heading, by striking “and engines" and "in general"; and (2) in paragraph (a), by striking a "vehicles and engines" each place it appears in subsections (a) and (b) and inserting (in general); and (3) by striking the "nonroad vehicles and engines", and inserting in the subsection heading, and (4) by inserting "ingeneral"; and(5) in subsection (a)(1), by "in particular"; (b), by the first sentence, by "vehicle and engines"; (2, 3, and 6, and 10 years"; (3, 3) and in the subsections (b)-- (a, in the paragraph heading, "vehicular and engines," and inserting "(in general; and (5) by strike "non road vehicles and engine" and insertion "in General"; (6) in paragraphs (1)-- (i) in a first sentence and inserting a study" and insert "studies"; (1). in the first paragraph (2)-- (ii) in "a study" (1, and inserting thestudies); and,ii) by the second paragraph-- (i" by striking (study" and inserted "studie"; and "study" (2), inserting "study"; and, (i-by striking "study", each place in paragraph "2, 6, 10 years", and (c, and in "study) each place "is" and the "studied"; and-ii) on the second sentences, by inserting a "or marine vessels" after "such vehicles"; and and (d) in subparagraph (3)-- (c" by "report" and inserts "reports"; and then (ii" by passing "may" and incorporating "shall"; and a4) in subsections "b). (a" in the fourth sentence, "by striking a2 years(b)"; and (2) in subsection (c), by inserting after the first sentence the following: "any additional regulation issued by the secretary shall be, to the maximum extent practicable, neutral with respect to the type of fuel and vehicle used. ". sec. 304. fleet requirement program. (a) fleet program purchase goals. --section 507 (a)(1) of the energy policy act of 1992 (42 u.s.c. 13257 (a), is amended by inserting "acquired as, or converted into," after "shall be". (b) fleet requirements program. --sections 507(g) of this energy policy acts of 1992,42 u.,s. c. 13258 (a,1)) is amended-- (1) by striking "the secretary" and inserting "the Secretary" and replacing "the secretaries" with "the additional alternative fueled vehicles. --the secretary shall allocate a credit to a fleet or covered person that acquires a volume of alternative fuel equal to the estimated need for 1 year for any dual-fueled vehicle acquired or converted by the fleet, covered by this title. sec. 305. credits. (c) conversions. --Section 507-a(a)(a)(b) is amended. --1) in paragraph (1), by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); and (3) by inserting at paragraph (6) the following paragraph (7); and after paragraph (8); and before paragraph (9); and the following (4). substitutions. -the secretaryshall, by rule, permit fleets covered under this section to substitute the acquisition or conversion of 1 heavy duty alternative fueled vehicle for 2 light duty vehicle acquisitions to meet the requirements of this subsection. ". (c (c)(a) conversions, sec. 314. credits, sec the secretary's fleet program, and (a-c) to address the requirements for this title or an amendment made by the title, if the original equipment manufacturer's warranty continues to apply to the vehicle, pursuant to an agreement between the original Equipment manufacturer and the person performing the conversion. --(1)by striking "nothing in" and insertion the following, nothing in; and (b). (1, in general. --a fleet owner shall be permitted to convert an existing fleet vehicle into an alternative fuel, and purchase the alternative fuel for the converted vehicle, for the purpose of compliance with this title, for a purpose of the conversion, if a original equipment manufacturers's warrantythis title. ". sec. 306. secretary's recommendation to congress. section 509 (a) of the energy policy act of 1992 (42 u.s.c. 13259 (a)) is amended-- (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: "and exempting replacement fuels from taxes levied on non-replacement fuels"; and (2) in subparagraph (2)-- (a)(a) by inserting "and converters" after "suppliers"; and and (b) by insertion before the Semicolon the following, including the conversion and warranty of motor vehicles into alternative fueled vehicles". motor vehicles with alternative fueled engines".</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6966484785079956</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>88</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Air Travelers Fair Treatment Act of 2001''. Section 41712 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Specific Practices.--For purposes of subsection , the term `unfair or deceptive practice' includes each of the following: ``Flight delays.--The failure of an air carrier or foreign air carrier to provide a passenger of the carrier with an accurate explanation of the reasons for a flight delay, cancellation, or diversion from a ticketed itinerary. ``Termination of ticket agents.--In the case of a termination, cancellation, nonrenewal, or substantial change in the competitive circumstances of the appointment of a ticket agent by an air carrier or foreign air carrier, the failure of the air carrier or foreign air carrier-- ``to provide the ticket agent with written notice, and a full statement of reasons for the action, on or before the 90th day preceding the action; and ``to provide the ticket agent with at least 60 days to correct any deficiency claimed in the written notice, except in cases of insolvency, an assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, or nonpayment of sums due under the appointment.''. Section 41713of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ``related to a price, route, or service of an air carrier that may provide air transportation under this subpart'' and inserting ``that directly prescribes a price, route, or level of service for air transportation provided by an air carrier under this subpart''. In General.--Subchapter I of chapter 417 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Sec. 41722. Airline passenger rights ``Right to In-Flight Emergency Medical Care.-- ``In general.--The Secretary of Transportation shall prescribe regulations to establish minimum standards for resuscitation, emergency medical, and first-aid equipment and supplies to be carried on board an aircraft operated by an air carrier in air transportation that is capable of carrying at least 30 passengers. ``Considerations.--In prescribing regulations under paragraph , the Secretary shall consider-- ``the weight and size of the equipment described in paragraph ; ``the need for special training of air carrier personnel to operate the equipment safely and effectively; ``the space limitations of each type of aircraft; ``the effect of the regulations on aircraft operations; ``the practical experience of airlines in carrying and operating similar equipment; and ``other relevant factors. ``Consultation.--Before prescribing regulations under paragraph , the Secretary shall consult with the Surgeon General of the Public Health Service. ``Right To Exit Aircraft.--No air carrier or foreign air carrier operating an aircraft in air transportation shall prevent or hinder (including by failing to assist) any passenger from exiting the aircraft (under the same circumstances as any member of the flight crew is permitted to exit the aircraft) if-- ``the aircraft is parked at an airport terminal gate with access to ramp or other facilities through which passengers are customarily boarded and deplaned; ``the aircraft has remained at the gate more than 1 hour past its scheduled departure time; and ``the captain of the aircraft has not been informed by air traffic control authorities that the aircraft can be cleared for departure within 15 minutes.''. Conforming Amendment.--The analysis for chapter 417 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ``41722. Airline passenger rights.''. Requirement for Program.-- In general.--Chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ``Sec. 44727. Air traveler safety program ``In General.-- ``Written information.--The Secretary of Transportation (in this section referred to as the `Secretary') shall require in regulations, for a period determined by the Secretary, that each air carrier that provides interstate air transportation or foreign air transportation to provide written information upon request, to passengers that purchase passage for interstate or foreign air transportation concerning the following: ``Safety inspection reviews conducted by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration (in this section referred to as the `Administrator') on the aircraft of that air carrier. ``The safety ranking of that air carrier, as determined by the Administrator in accordance with applicable law. ``The compliance of the members of the crew of the aircraft with any applicable certification requirements under this subtitle. ``Guidelines.--The regulations issued by the Secretary under this subsection shall provide guidelines for air carriers relating to the provision of the information referred to in paragraph . ``Request for information.--An air carrier shall be required to provide to a passenger, on request, any information concerning the safety of aircraft and the competency of persons issued a certificate under this subtitle for the operation of the aircraft that the Secretary, to the extent allowable by law, determines to be appropriate. ``Submission of Performance Review.-- ``In general.--Not later than December 31 of each year, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress regarding the safety of air carriers that provide interstate or foreign air transportation. The report shall include with respect to the year in which the report is filed-- ``the number of accidents and a description of such accidents of air carriers attributable to each air carrier that provides interstate or foreign air transportation; and ``the names of makers of aircraft that have been involved in an accident. ``Availability of information.--The Secretary shall make the annual report under paragraph available to any person or entity upon request. ``Victims' Rights Program.-- ``In general.--The National Transportation Safety Board shall establish and administer a program for victims and survivors of aircraft accidents in air commerce. Under that program, the National Transportation Safety Board shall ensure that such victims and survivors of an accident receive, to the extent allowable by law, immediate and unrestricted access to information on the accident that is made available from-- ``the air carrier involved in an accident in air commerce; ``the Federal Government; and ``State governments and political subdivisions thereof. ``Classified information.--Nothing in paragraph may be construed to authorize a release of information that is specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy. ``Coordination of Victim Assistance.-- ``In general.--The National Transportation Safety Board, in cooperation with officials of appropriate Federal agencies and the American Red Cross, shall establish a program to ensure the coordination of the disclosure of information under subsection and assistance provided to victims of an accident in air commerce. ``Establishment of toll-free telephone line.-- ``In general.--The National Transportation Safety Board, in cooperation with officials of the appropriate Federal agencies and the American Red Cross, shall establish a toll-free telephone line to facilitate the provision of information under paragraph . ``Action by the national transportation safety board.--The National Transportation Safety Board shall take such action as may be necessary to ensure-- ``the publication of the telephone number of the telephone line established under subparagraph in newspapers of general circulation; and ``the provision of such number on national television news programs. ``Information provided by telephone line.--The telephone line established under paragraph shall provide the following information concerning an accident in air commerce: ``The identifier name and number of the aircraft involved in the accident. ``The names of known victims of the accident. ``The status of the investigation of the accident. ``A list of appropriate Federal agencies and contacts. ``The facilities at which victims of the accident may be identified. ``Civil Penalties.-- ``In general.--Any air carrier that fails to provide information in accordance with this section shall be liable for a civil penalty in an amount not to exceed $100,000 per violation. ``Travel agencies and other persons not covered.-- Paragraph shall not apply to a travel agency or other person that does not provide interstate or foreign air transportation. ``Authorization of Appropriations.--There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section.''. Conforming amendment.--The analysis for chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ``44727. Air traveler safety program.''. Time for Regulations.--The Secretary of Transportation shall issue the regulations required by subsection of section 44727 of title 49, United States Code (as added by subsection ), not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. Submittal of First Annual Report.--The Secretary of Transportation shall submit the first annual report to Congress under subsection of such section 44727 not later than December 31, 2001."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "air travelers fair treatment act of 2001". sec. 2. fair treatment of airline passengers. section 41712 of title 49, united states code, is amended by adding at the end the following: " (c) specific practices. --for purposes of subsection (a), the term 'unfair or deceptive practice' includes each of the following. "(1) flight delays. --the failure of an air carrier or foreign air carrier to provide a passenger of the carrier with an accurate explanation of the reasons for a flight delay, cancellation, or diversion from a ticketed itinerary. "(2) termination of ticket agents. --in the case of a termination, cancellation or nonrenewal, or substantial change in the competitive circumstances of the appointment of a ticket agent by an air Carrier or foreign Air carrier, the failure of the air carrier and foreign air carriers-- " (a) to provide the ticket agent with written notice, and a full statement of reasons for the action, on or before the 90th day preceding the action; and " (b) to correct any deficiency claimed in the written notice. " (2) cancellation of the ticket agents, except in cases of insolvency, an assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy, or nonpayment of sums due under the appointment. ". sec. 3. clarification regarding enforcement of state laws. section41713 (b)(1) of book 49,united states code. --a) the ticket agency with written Notice, and " full statement and reasons for action, or a full description of reasons why the action is taking place, or on or after the ninety-day period preceding the notice; " (B) to the letter of the notice, or " (C) to any other letter of reason for action; " " (d) to a letter of explanation, or to a statement of reason, or any other form of explanation; and (e) to make the letter a complete statement of why the letter is taking the action. " sec. 4. clarifying regarding enforcement. sec. 5. air transportation subpart. (a)(1). --the secretary of transportation shall prescribe regulations to establish minimum standards for air transportation under this subpart" and inserting "that directly prescribes a price, route, or level of service for air transport provided by an Air carrier under this Subpart". sec., 4. emergency medical assistance; right of egress. (b in general. --subair traveler safety program " (a) in general. -- "(1) written information. --the secretary of transportation (in this section referred to as the 'secretary') shall require in regulations, for a period determined by the secretary, that each air carrier that provides interstate air transportation or foreign air transportation to provide written information upon request, to passengers that purchase or use the aircraft of that air carrier. --(a) safety inspection reviews conducted by the administrator of the federal aviation administration (inthis section refer to as "administrator') on the aircraft and the safety ranking of that aircraft. " (b) the safety rating of that Air carrier, as determined by a administrator in accordance with applicable law. " " (c) the compliance of the members of the crew of the aircraft with any applicable certification requirements under this subtitle. "(2) guidelines. -the regulations issued by the Secretary under this subsection shall provide guidelines for air carriers relating to the provision of the information referred to in paragraph (1). "(3) request for information. —an air carrier shall be required to provide to a passenger, on request, any information concerning the safety of aircraft and, on the competency of persons issued a certificate under this title for the operation of the flight that the secretary determines to be appropriate. "(1 (b). --the regulations issuing by the general. —the regulations provided by the president under this section shall provide instructions for air carrier relating tothe provision of information referred thereto in paragraph 1). "(1). "3) performance review. --an air carriers shall be obligated to provide a report to congress regarding the safety and performance of air carriers that provide interstate or foreign Air transportation. the report shall include with respect to the year in which the report is filed-- " (1) the number of accidents and a description of such accidents and the competencies of persons issuing a certificate for the operations of aircraft that the Secretary, to the extent allowable by law, determines to the appropriate. "(b) submission of information. "(c) availability of information, --the Secretary shall make the annual report under paragraph (2) available to any person or entity upon request. --not later than december 31 of each year, the secretary shall submit a report. -- the report to Congress regarding the Safety of Air carriers that provides air carriers, that provide air carriers attributable to each air carriers; and " (B) the names of makers of aircraft, that have been involved in an accident. "( 2) available of information and --the secretaries"(3) information provided by telephone line. --the telephone line established under paragraph (2) shall provide the following information concerning an accident in air commerce: " (a) the identifier name and number of the aircraft involved in the accident. " (b) the names of known victims of the accident, " (c) the status of the investigation of the incident. " " (d) a list of appropriate federal agencies and contacts. " "(e) the facilities at which victims of an accident may be identified. "(e) civil penalties. -- "(1) in general. --any air carrier that fails to provide information in accordance with this section shall be liable for a civil penalty in an amount not to exceed $100,000 per violation. "(2) travel agencies and other persons not covered. -- paragraph (1) shall not apply to a travel agency or other person that does not provide interstate or foreign air transportation. -- " (f) authorization of appropriations. --there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. "(3) conforming amendment. -- the analysis for chapter 447 of title 49, united states code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: "44727. air traveler safety program.". (a)(b) time for regulations. --a secretary of transportation shall issue the regulations required by subsection (a). --the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a report to congress under paragraph 44727 of title 50, united state code, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this act. (c)(1) conformation amendment. —the analysis for section 44726 of title 48, united States code, (as amended by subsection) of the first annual report. (b)(c) submittal of first annual Report. --submittal to congress of the second annual report under subsection (b), not later then december 31, 2001. (d)(1)(a) submits the first Annual Report to congress. (e) submission to congress for submittals of first Annual report. --dubmittal by congress under subsections (b-) of such section 4 4727 not later Than december 30, 2001 and (b(b) of any section 54727 not sooner than december 1, 2001).</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.617375373840332</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>89</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Medicare Fraud Enforcement and Prevention Act of 2013''. FRAUD. In General.--Section 1128B of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b) is amended-- in subsection , by striking ``$10,000 or imprisoned for not more than one year'' and inserting ``$20,000 or imprisoned for not more than two years''; and in each of subsections , , , , and , by striking ``$25,000 or imprisoned for not more than five years'' and inserting ``$50,000 or imprisoned for not more than 10 years''. Illegal Distribution of Medicare or Medicaid Beneficiary Identification or Billing Privileges.--Section 1128B of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Whoever knowingly purchases, sells, or unlawfully distributes, or arranges for the purchase, sale, or unlawful distribution of two or more Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary identification numbers or billing privileges under title XVIII or title XIX shall be imprisoned for not more than 10 years or fined under title 18, United States Code (or, if greater, an amount equal to the monetary loss to the Federal and any State government as a result of such acts), or both.''. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to acts committed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. FRAUD. Civil Monetary Penalties Law Alignment and Other Changes.-- Section 1128Aof the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a) is amended-- in paragraph , by striking ``to an officer, employee, or agent of the United States, or of any department or agency thereof, or of any State agency (as defined in subsection ),''; by inserting after paragraph , as added by section 6402of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148) the following new paragraphs: ``conspires to commit a violation of this section; or ``knowingly makes, uses, or causes to be made or used, a false record or statement material to an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to a Federal health care program, or knowingly conceals or knowingly and improperly avoids or decreases an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to a Federal health care program;''; in the first sentence-- by striking ``or in cases under paragraph '' and inserting ``in cases under paragraph ''; and by striking ``fact)'' and inserting ``fact), in cases under paragraph , $50,000 for any violation described in this section committed in furtherance of the conspiracy involved, and in cases under paragraph , $50,000 for each false record or statement, or concealment, avoidance, or decrease''; and in the second sentence, by striking ``material fact).'' and inserting ``material fact); or in cases under paragraph , an assessment of not more than 3 times the total amount that would otherwise apply for any violation described in this section committed in furtherance of the conspiracy involved; or in cases under paragraph , an assessment of not more than 3 times the total amount of the obligation to which the false record or statement was material or that was avoided or decreased.''. Section 1128Aof the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a) is amended by striking ``six years'' and inserting ``10 years''. Section 1128Aof the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a) is amended-- by amending paragraph to read as follows: ``The term `claim' means any application, request, or demand, whether under contract, or otherwise, for money or property for items and services under a Federal health care program (as defined in section 1128B), whether or not the United States or a State agency has title to the money or property, that-- ``is presented or caused to be presented to an officer, employee, or agent of the United States, or of any department or agency thereof, or of any State agency (as defined in subsection ); or ``is made to a contractor, grantee, or other recipient if the money or property is to be spent or used on the Federal health care program's behalf or to advance a Federal health care program interest, and if the Federal health care program-- ``provides or has provided any portion of the money or property requested or demanded; or ``will reimburse such contractor, grantee, or other recipient for any portion of the money or property which is requested or demanded.''; by amending paragraph to read as follows: ``The term `item or service' means, without limitation, any medical, social, management, administrative, or other item or service used in connection with or directly or indirectly related to a Federal health care program.''; in paragraph -- by striking ``term `should know' means'' and inserting ``terms `knowing', `knowingly', and `should know' mean''; by redesignating subparagraphs and as subparagraphs and , respectively; by inserting before subparagraph , as redesignated by clause , the following new subparagraph: ``has actual knowledge of the information;''; and in the matter following subparagraph , as redesignated by clause -- by inserting ``require'' after ``and''; and by striking ``is required''; and by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ``The term `obligation' means an established duty, whether or not fixed, arising from an express or implied contractual, grantor-grantee, or licensor licensee relationship, from a fee-based or similar relationship, from statute or regulation, or from the retention of any overpayment. ``The term `material' means having a natural tendency to influence, or be capable of influencing, the payment or receipt of money or property.''. Exclusion of Responsible Corporate Officials.--Section 1128of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7) is amended by striking clauses and of paragraph and inserting the following: ``who has or had a direct or indirect ownership or control interest in a sanctioned entity at the time of and who knew or should have known (as defined in section 1128) of any of the conduct that formed a basis for the conviction or exclusion described in subparagraph ; or ``who is or was an officer or managing employee (as defined in section 1126) of such an entity at the time of any of the conduct that formed a basis for the conviction or exclusion so described.''. Payment Suspensions.--Subsection of section 1862 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395y) is amended by striking ``may'' and inserting ``shall''. Civil Monetary Penalties for False Statements or Delaying Inspections.--Paragraph of section 1128Aof the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a) is amended by inserting ``or to timely provide information in response to a request authorized by section 1128J,'' after ``regulations),''. TECHNOLOGY STUDY. Enhanced Screening.--Section 1866of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc) is amended by striking ``may'' and inserting ``shall''. Access to Real Time Claims and Payment Data.--Section 1128Jof the Social Security Act is amended-- by inserting ``including real time claims and payment data,'' after ``access to claims and payment data''; and by adding at the end the following sentence: ``In carrying out this section, the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall implement mechanisms for the sharing of information about suspected fraud relating to the Federal health care programs under titles XVIII, XIX, and XXI with other appropriate law enforcement officials.''. Study on Use of Biometric Technology.-- In general.--The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide for a study that analyzes the feasibility and benefits in reducing waste, fraud, and abuse of carrying out a program (in this subsection referred to as a ``biometric technology program'') that implements biometric technology to ensure that individuals entitled to benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or enrolled under part B of such title are physically present at the time and place of receipt of certain items and services (specified by the Secretary) for which payment may be made under such title. Such a program may provide for financial incentives to encourage voluntary participation of providers of services (as defined in section 1861of such Act) and suppliers (as defined in section 1861of such Act). Report.--Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Congress a report on the study conducted under paragraph . Such report shall include an analysis of the likely effectiveness of a biometric technology program on reducing waste, fraud, and abuse under the Medicare program and may include recommendations with regard to whether such a program, on a pilot or other basis, should be implemented."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "medicare fraud enforcement and prevention act of 2013". sec. 2. enhanced criminal penalties to combat medicare and medicaid fraud. (a) in general. --section 1128b of the social security act (42 u.s.c. 1320a-7b) is amended-- (1) in subsection (a), by striking "$10,000 or imprisoned for not more than one year" and inserting "$20,000 and imprisoned for more than two years"; and (2) in each of subsections (a)(a), (b)(1), (c)(2), and (c), by inserting "$25,000, or imprisoned" and "in cases under paragraph (a, b)(2) and inserting "in case under paragraph "a", by striking "b)(2", and inserting $25,00 or imprisoned, or in case under chapter (b), by strike "$30,000" or imprisoned; or (c) in cases under chapter "a" or "incase" or (b) illegal distribution of medicare or medicaid beneficiary identification or billing privileges. -- (1)(a) section 1128a of the Social security act,42 ua.c (1320a) (a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: "(h) whoever knowingly purchases, sells, or unlawfully distributes, or arranges for the purchase, sale, or unlawful distribution of two or more medicare ( medicaid) beneficiary identification numbers or bills privileges under title xviii or title xix shall be imprisoned for at least 10 years or fined under title 18, united states code (or, if greater, an amount equal to the monetary loss to the federal and any state government as a result of such acts), or both. ". (c (1), in the first sentence, "the amendments made by this section shall apply to acts committed on or after the date of the enactment of this act. sec. 3. enhanced civil authorities to combat the medicare/ medicaid/medicaid fraud, and in cases over paragraph (9) and other changes. --(1) section (1128a (a-1), by "to an officer, employee, or agent of the united states, or of any department or agency thereof, or the state government (as defined in the federal law 111-148) the following (1, in the second paragraph, "property, that-- " (a) is presented or caused to be presented to an officer, employee, or agent of the united states, or of any department or agency thereof, and of any state agency (as defined in subsection (i)(1)); or " (b) is made to a contractor, grantee, or other recipient if the money or property is to be spent or used on the federal health care program's behalf or to advance a federal health Care program interest, and if the federal Health care program is to benefit from the benefit of the benefit, or if the benefit is to advance the benefit or benefit of a federal Health Care program Interest, and-- " " (i) provides or has provided any portion of the money and property requested or demanded; or " I) will reimburse such contractor, gee, and other recipient, or any other recipient for any portion or property which is required or demanded. "; (a)(a) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: "(3) the term 'item or service' means, without limitation, any medical, social, management, administrative, or otherwise item or service used in connection with or directly or indirectly related to a federal program. ", " (c) by striking "term 'should know' means" and inserting "terms 'knowing', 'knowingly', and 'will know' mean"; (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (1) and (b), as subparagraph (2) and the following new subparagraph (3), as amended by clause (5) and "is required"; (iii) by inserting before subparagraph (b, as amended in clause (2), as redesignated by clause, and inserting at the end the new paragraphs: " "shall know", "will know", and "will have actual knowledge of the information;"; and (iv) in the matter following subparagraph (c), as redesignedated by paragraph (6) and paragraph (7) as redesignating "terms "knowing", 'willknow", and (d) by adding at the beginning the following New paragraphs: "(8) the terms 'obligation' means an established duty, whether or not fixed, arising from an express or implied contractual, grantor-grantee, licensor- licensee relationship, from a fee-based or similar relationship, or from a license-based relationship. "(9) in paragraph (1), as described in paragraph "may" and "shall". (10) in subparagraph ((b) access to real time claims and payment data. --section 1128j (a)(2) of the social security act is amended-- (1) by inserting "including real time/payment data," after "access to claims and Payment data"; and (2) by adding at the end the following sentence: "in carrying out this section, the inspector general of the department of health and human services, in consultation with the attorney general, shall implement mechanisms for the sharing of information about suspected fraud relating to the federal health care programs under titles xviii, xix, and xxi with other appropriate law enforcement officials. ". (c) study on use of biometric technology. -- (1 (1)(a) in general. --the secretary of health, human services shall provide for a study that analyzes the feasibility and benefits in reducing waste, fraud, and abuse of carrying out a program (in this subsection referred to as a "biometric technology program") that implements biometric information to ensure that individuals entitled to benefits under part a of title xvii of the Social Security act or enrolled under part b of such title are physically present at the time and place of receipt of certain items and services (specified by the secretary) for which payment may be made under such title. such a program may provide for financial incentives to encourage voluntary participation of providers of services (as defined in section 1861(u) of such act) and suppliers (as described in section 1961 (d) ofsuch act). (2 (a) report. --not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this act, the secretary shall submit to the congress a report on the study conducted under paragraph (1). such a study shall include an analysis of the likely effectiveness of a biometric policy program on reducing waste and fraud, including financial incentives for voluntary participation in providers of products (as as defined in sections 1861(a) of so act) or suppliers (As defined in paragraph 1861 (d)) of such program). (b) report on</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5435080528259277</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>90</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as ``Education Tax Credit Simplification Act of 2004''. In General.--So much of section 25A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to Hope and Lifetime Learning Credits) as precedes subsection is amended to read as follows: `` ``Allowance of Credit.--In the case of an individual, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year the amount equal to 50 percent of so much of the qualified expenses paid by the taxpayer during the taxable year (for education furnished to an individual during any academic period beginning in such taxable year) as does not exceed $3,000 for such taxable year with respect to such individual. ``Qualified Expenses.--For purposes of subsection , the term `qualified expenses' means the sum of-- ``qualified higher education expenses, and ``the expenses described in subsection with respect to any course of instruction at an eligible educational institution to acquire or improve job skills of the individual.''. Conforming Amendments to Credit.-- Section 25A of such Code is amended-- by striking subsection , and by redesignating subsections , , , , and as subsections , , , , and , respectively. Subsection of section 25A of such Code, as so redesignated, is amended by striking ``(before the application of subsections , , and )''. Other Conforming and Clerical Amendments.-- The following provisions of such Code are each amended by striking ``section 25A'' and inserting ``section 25A'': Section 72. Section 221. Section 222(as amended by section 132 of this Act). Section 529. Section 530. Section 530. Section 530. Section 221of such Code is amended-- in paragraph by striking ``section 25A'' and inserting ``section 25A'', and by amending paragraph to read as follows: ``Eligible student.--The term `eligible student' means, with respect to any academic period, a student who-- ``meets the requirements of section 484of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091), as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section, and ``is carrying at least \1/2\ the normal full- time work load for the course of study the student is pursuing.''. Section 529of such Code is amended by striking ``section 25A'' and inserting ``section 221''. The heading of section 529of such Code is amended to read as follows: ``Coordination with education credit.--''. The heading of section 530of such Code is amended to read as follows: ``Coordination with education credit and qualified tuition programs.--''. Section 6050Sof such Code is amended by striking ``subsection '' and inserting ``subsection ''. Section 6213of such Code is amended by striking ``section 25A'' and inserting ``section 25A''. The item relating to section 25A in the table of sections for subpart A of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of such Code is amended to read as follows: ``Sec. 25A. Education Credit.''. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2003. In General.--Paragraph of section 529of such Code (relating to other definitions and special rules) is amended to read as follows: ``Qualified higher education expenses.-- ``In general.--The term `qualified higher education expenses' means-- ``tuition, fees, books, supplies, and equipment required for the enrollment or attendance of a designated beneficiary at an eligible educational institution; and ``expenses for special needs services in the case of a special needs beneficiary which are incurred in connection with such enrollment or attendance. ``Room and board included for students who are at least half-time.-- ``In general.--In the case of an individual who is an eligible student for any academic period, such term shall also include reasonable costs for such period (as determined under the qualified tuition program) incurred by the designated beneficiary for room and board while attending such institution. For purposes of subsection , a designated beneficiary shall be treated as meeting the requirements of this clause. ``Limitation.--The amount treated as qualified higher education expenses by reason of clause shall not exceed-- ``the allowance (applicable to the student) for room and board included in the cost of attendance (as defined in section 472 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087ll), as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001) as determined by the eligible educational institution for such period, or ``if greater, the actual invoice amount the student residing in housing owned or operated by the eligible educational institution is charged by such institution for room and board costs for such period. ``Eligible student.--For purposes of this subparagraph, the term `eligible student' means, with respect to any academic period, a student who-- ``meets the requirements of section 484of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091), as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section, and ``is carrying at least \1/2\ the normal full-time work load for the course of study the student is pursuing. ``Exceptions.-- ``Exception for education involving sports, etc.--Such term does not include expenses with respect to any course or other education involving sports, games, or hobbies, unless such course or other education is part of the individual's degree program. ``Exception for nonacademic fees.-- Such term does not include student activity fees, athletic fees, insurance expenses, or other expenses unrelated to an individual's academic course of instruction.''. Conforming Amendments.-- Section 25A and 6050S of such Code are each amended by striking ``qualified tuition and related expenses'' each place it appears and inserting ``qualified higher education expenses''. Section 25Aof such Code (as amended by this Act) is amended to read as follows: ``Qualified higher education expenses.--The term `qualified higher education expenses' means the qualified higher education expenses (as defined by section 529without regard to subparagraph thereof) required for the enrollment or attendance of-- ``the taxpayer, ``the taxpayer's spouse, or ``any dependent of the taxpayer with respect to whom the taxpayer is allowed a deduction under section 151, at an eligible educational institution for courses of instruction of such individual at such institution.''. Section 135of such Code is amended-- by striking ``tuition and fees'' and inserting ``the qualified higher education expenses (as defined by section 529without regard to subparagraph thereof)'', and by striking subparagraph and redesignating subparagraph as subparagraph . Section 221of such Code is amended by striking ``the cost of attendance (as defined in section 472 of the Higher Education Act of 1965, 20 U.S.C. 1087ll, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act)'' and inserting ``the qualified higher education expenses (as defined by section 529without regard to subparagraph thereof) incurred for attendance''. Section 222 of such Code is amended by striking ``qualified tuition and related expenses'' each place it appears and inserting ``qualified higher education expenses''. Section 222of such Code is amended to read as follows: ``Qualified higher education expenses.--The term `qualified higher education expenses' has the meaning given such term by section 529(without regard to subparagraph thereof). Such expenses shall be reduced in the same manner as under section 25A.''. Section 222of such Code is amended by redesignating paragraph as paragraph and by inserting after paragraph the following new paragraph: ``Room and board included for students who are full- time.--No amount shall be taken into account under this section for an expense described in section 529(relating to room and board included for students who are at least half- time) unless such individual is an eligible student (as defined in section 25A, determined by substituting `the normal full-time work load' in lieu of `\1/2\ the normal full-time work load' in subparagraph thereof.''. The heading for section 222 of such Code is amended by striking ``TUITION AND RELATED'' and inserting ``HIGHER EDUCATION''. The table of sections for part VII of subchapter B of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by amending the item relating to section 222 to read as follows: ``Sec. 222. Qualified higher education expenses.''. Section 6724of such Code is amended-- in paragraph by striking ``qualified tuition and related expenses'' and inserting ``qualified higher education expenses'', and in paragraph by striking ``qualified tuition and related expenses'' and inserting ``qualified higher education expenses''. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2003, for education furnished in periods beginning after such date."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as "education tax credit simplification act of 2004". sec. 2. hope and lifetime learning credits combined. (a) in general. --so much of section 25a of the internal revenue code of 1986 (relating to hope and lifelong learning credits) as precedes subsection (d) is amended to read as follows: "sec. 25a. education credit. " (a. allowance of credit. --in the case of an individual, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year the amount equal to 50 percent of so much of the qualified expenses paid by the taxpayer during the taxable years (for education furnished to an individual during any academic period beginning in such taxable year) as does not exceed $3,000 for such taxable day with respect to such individual. " " (b) qualified expenses. --for purposes of subsection (a), the term 'qualified expenses' means the sum of-- "(1) qualified higher education expenses, and "(2) the expenses described in subsection (c)(1) with respectto any course of instruction at an eligible educational institution to acquire or improve job skills of the individual. ". (c) conforming amendments. -- (1) the term of "qualified expenses. -for the purposes of section 26a of such code, the term `qualified expenses.' --the term ' qualified expenses' is the sum, and "the sum, "the term, "qualified education expenses. " "(1- qualified education expenses' includes the sum and "(3) qualified lower education expenses; and "(4) qualified Higher Education expenses, " "(2-qualified higher education expense, and"(2) all expenses describedIn subsection (f)(2) of such tax credit. (2) qualified education expense. --(1) section 25b of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, is amended by striking "(before the application of subsections (b), (c), and (d)) and inserting "section 25a (g)(2)" and inserting (c). (3) section 72(t)(7) (b). (1a) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), (i) as subsections (1), (d)(2, and (g) respectively. (1,2) subsection (e) of theInternal Revenue code, as so redesignated. --the following provisions of such Code are each amended by struck "sectioncredit and qualified tuition programs. --". (6) section 6050s (e) of such code is amended by striking "subsection (g)(2)" and inserting "subsections (f)(2)". (7) section 6213 (g(2)(j) of that code is modified by striking and inserting and inserting a "section 25a (g)". --the item relating to section 6214 (g-2) is amended to read as follows: "sec. 25a. education credit.". (d) effective date. --the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after december 31, 2003. sec. 3. uniform definition of qualifying higher education expenses. (a) in general. --paragraph (3) of section 25a in the table of sections for subpart a of part iv of subchapter a of chapter 1 of such Code is amended. --such term does not include any term that is used to describe the amount of qualified higher education credit. -- " (b) effective Date. -- (d. effective date, 2003, the amendments madeby this section may apply to the taxable years of december 30, 2003 and sec. 472 of section 529 (e). --paragraph(3) in section 529 of such codes (relating to other definitions and special rules) is used as a substitute for such code. --(a) general. -paragraph (4) of the code (Relating to special rules and special rule) is amend to readas follows: "(3) qualified highereducation expenses. -- "(a) qualified education expenses." -- " " (a" in general." --the term 'qualified higher education funds' means-- " (i) tuition, fees, books, supplies, and equipment required for the enrollment or attendance of a designated beneficiary at an eligible educational institution; and " (ii) expenses for special needs services in the case of a special needs beneficiary which are incurred in connection with such enrollment or attend. " (B) room and board included for students who are at least half-time. --� (i" in the general. "in the caseof an individual who is an eligible student for any academic period, such term shall also include reasonable costs for such period (as determined under the qualified tuition program) incurred by the designated beneficiary for room and room and boarding while attending such institution. for purposes of subsection (b)(7), a designated beneficiaries shall be treated as meeting the requirements of this clause.striking "qualified tuition and related expenses" each place it appears and inserting "qualified higher education expenses". (2) section 25a (e)(1) of such code (as amended by this act) is amended to read as follows: "(1) qualified higher education funds. --the term 'qualified highereducation expenses' means the qualified higher higher education activities (as defined by section 529 (e–3) without regard to subparagraph (b) thereof) required for the enrollment or attendance of-- " (a) the taxpayer, " (b- the taxpayer's spouse, or " (c) any dependent of the taxpayer with respect to whom the taxpayer is allowed a deduction under section 151, at an eligible educational institution for courses of instruction of such individual at such institution. ". (3) section 135 (c)(2) of any code is amended-- (a)(a) by striking "tuition and fees"and inserting "the qualified higher Education expenses "as defined as section 529 "e)(3)without regard to subscript (b" thereof)", and (b). by striking subparagraph (c), and redesignating subparagraph (d) as subparagraph (e). (4) section 221 (d)(2), of which the heading for section 221 is amended by struck "the cost of attendance (As defined in section 472 of the higher education act of 1965, 20 u.s.c. 1087ll, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this act)" and inserting (b), and (c" by striking the qualified education expenses (as described by sections 529 (es)(3" without regardto subparagraph (B) thereof)",and (b)(b) by passing subparagraph (C) and inserting(c) as paragraph (d). (5) section 222 of such Code is amendedby striking "the Cost of attendance "as described in section four72 of a higher education acts of 1965 (20 u.a.c., 1087 ll, asin effect on- the day of the date the date before the enactmentof this act)", and inserting “the qualified lower education expenses" and inserting...the qualified high education expenses. "(c) section 75a (f)(1). such expenses shall be reduced in the same manner as under section 25(e)(2). ". (1) room and board included for students who are full- time. --no amount shall be taken into account under this section for a qualified tuition or related expenses. -- the term</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.4942728281021118</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>91</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be referred to as the ``Department of the Interior Reform and Savings Act of 1993''. TITLE I--IMPROVE THE FEDERAL HELIUM PROGRAM Section 4 of the Helium Act Amendments of 1960 (74 Stat. 920, 50 U.S.C. 167b) is amended to insert after ``lands acquired, leased, or reserved;'' the following: ``reduce costs and increase operational efficiencies, especially in operations that do not produce revenue; establish and adjust fees charged private industry for storage, transmission, and withdrawal of privately-owned helium from Government storage facilities to compensate fully for all costs incurred;''. Section 6 of the Helium Act Amendments of 1960 (74 Stat. 921, 50 U.S.C. 167d) is amended-- by amending subsection to read: ``The Secretary is authorized to sell helium for Federal, medical, scientific, and commercial uses in such quantities and under such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines. Sales shall be made in quantities and a manner to avoid undue disruption of the usual markets of producers, processors, and consumers of helium and to protect the United States against avoidable loss.''; and by amending subsection to read: ``Sales of helium by the Secretary shall be at prices, as established by the Secretary, that are adequate to cover all costs incurred in carrying out the provisions of this Act. Helium shall be sold at prices comparable to helium sold by private industry. An annual review of price comparability shall be made and adjustments shall be made accordingly.''. The Secretary of the Interior shall prepare and develop a long- term, comprehensive plan to cancel the outstanding debt owed to the Treasury by the Department of the Interior related to the Federal helium program; and improve Federal helium program operations over a multi-year period. The plan should analyze various options to accomplish and above, with emphasis on ways to minimize adverse impacts on Federal employment, Federal helium purchasers, and U.S. private sector helium markets. The plan, with the Secretary's preferred options, shall be presented to the President within 4 months of enactment of this Act. The President may adopt the plan, in whole or in part, and is authorized to cancel the out-standing debt upon a finding that such debt cancellation is in the national interest. TITLE II--IMPROVE MINERALS MANAGEMENT SERVICE ROYALTY COLLECTION COLLECTION. The Secretary of the Interior shall, by fiscal year 1995, direct the Minerals Management Service, Royalty Management Program, to develop and implement an automated business information system to provide to its auditors a lease history that includes reference, royalty, production, financial, compliance history, pricing and valuation, and other information; the optimum methods to identify and resolve anomalies and to verify that royalties are paid correctly; a more efficient and cost-effective royalty collection process by instituting new compliance and enforcement measures, including assessments and penalties for erroneous reporting and underreporting; and such other actions as may be necessary to reduce royalty underpayment and increase revenue to the U.S. Treasury by an estimated total of $28 million by fiscal year 1999. The Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act of 1982 (Public Law No. 97-451), (30 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) is amended by adding a new subsection 111as follows: ``penalty assessment for substantial underreporting of royalty'' ``Sec. 111. If there is any underreporting of royalty owned on production from any lease issued or administered by the Secretary for the production of oil, gas, coal, any other mineral, or geothermal steam, from any Federal or Indian lands or the Outer Continental Shelf, for any production month, by any person who is responsible for paying royalty, the Secretary may assess a penalty of 10 percent of the amount of that underreporting. ``If there is a substantial underreporting of royalty owed on production from any lease issued or administered by the Secretary for the production of oil, gas, coal, any other mineral, or geothermal steam, from any Federal or Indian lands or the Outer Continental Shelf, for any production month, by any person who is responsible for paying royalty, the Secretary may access a penalty of 20 percent of the amount of that substantial underreporting. ``For purposes of this section, the term `undereporting' means the difference between the royalty on the value of the production which should have been reported and the royalty on the value of the production which was reported, if the value of the production which should have been reported is greater than the value of the production which was reported. An underreporting constitutes a `substantial underreporting' if such difference exceeds 10 percent of the royalty on the value of the production which should have been reported. ``The Secretary shall not impose the assessment provided in paragraphs or if the person corrects the underreporting before the date the person receives notice from the Secretary that an underreporting may have occurred, or before 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, whichever is later. ``The Secretary shall waive any portion of an assessment provided in paragraphs or attributable to that portion of the underreporting for which the person demonstrates that-- ``the person had written authorization from the Secretary to report royalty on the value of the production on the basis on which it was reported, or ``the person had substantial authority for reporting royalty on the value of the production on the basis on which it was reported, or ``the person previously had notified the Secretary, in such manner as the Secretary may by rule prescribe, of relevant reasons or facts affecting the royalty treatment of specific production which led to the underreporting, or ``the person meets any other exception which the Secretary may, by rule, establish. ``All penalties collected under this subsection shall be deposited to the same accounts in the Treasury or paid to the same recipients in the same manner as the royalty with respect to which such penalty is paid.''. TITLE III--PHASE OUT THE MINERAL INSTITUTE PROGRAM The Secretary of the Interior, beginning in fiscal year 1995, shall take action to phase out the Mining and Mineral Resources Research Institute Act of 1984, Public Law 98-409, as amended (98 Stat. 1536 through 1541 and 102 Stat. 2339 through 2341, 30 U.S.C. 1221 through 1230). There are hereby authorized to be appropriated under the Act the following amounts: fiscal year 1995--$6.5 million; fiscal year 1996--$5 million; fiscal year 1997--$3 million; and fiscal year 1998--$1.5 million. No further appropriations for this Act are authorized after September 30, 1998."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be referred to as the "department of the interior reform and savings act of 1993". title i--improve the federal helium program sec. 101. amendments to helium act amendments of 1960. (a) section 4 of the helium act amendment of 1960 (74 stat. 920, 50 u.s.c. 167b) is amended to insert after "lands acquired, leased, or reserved;" the following: "reduce costs and increase operational efficiencies, especially in operations that do not produce revenue; establish and adjust fees charged private industry for storage, transmission, and withdrawal of privately-owned helium from government storage facilities to compensate fully for all costs incurred;". (b) section 6 of the hydrogen act amendments, 1960 (75 stat. 921, 50 U.s.,c. 166d) is amend-- (1) by amending subsection (b)(1) to read: " (b- the person had written authorization from the secretary to sell helium for federal, medical, scientific, and commercial uses in such quantities and under such terms and conditions as the secretary determines. sales shall be made in quantities and a manner to avoid undue disruption of the usual markets of producers, processors, and consumers of helium and to protect the united states against avoidable loss. "; and (2) by pmending subsection “ (b” the secretary is authorized to read:" " (c) the secretary, in such manner as the Secretary may by rule prescribe, of relevant reasons or facts affecting the royalty treatment of specific production which led to the underreporting, or " (iv) the person meets any other exception which the secretary may, by rule, establish. "(6) all penalties collected under this subsection shall be deposited to the same accounts in the treasury or paid to the the same recipients in the same manner as a royalty with respect to which such penalty is paid.". title iii--phase out the mineral institute program sec, 301. phase out of mineral institute programs. the secretary of the Interior, beginning in fiscal year 1995, shall take action to phase out the mining and mineral resources research institute act of 1984, public law 98-409, as amended (98 stat. 1536 through 1541 and 102 stat. 2339 through 2341, 30 u.ss.c.) sec. 102. long-term comprehensive plan. the Secretary of the national interior shall prepare and develop a long- term, comprehensive plan to (1a) cancel the outstanding debt owed</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.5809381008148193</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>92</ROW><BILL>"Future Math and Science Teacher Recruitment.--Title X of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1102 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ``PART L--FUTURE MATH AND SCIENCE TEACHER RECRUITMENT `` ``Short Title.--This part may be cited as the `Recruit and Reward Future Math and Science Teachers of America Act of 2000'. ``Findings.--Congress finds the following: ``United States high school students rate 16th and 19th, respectively, in science and math out of 21 countries. ``Of United States high school students who take physical science and math courses, 56 percent and 27 percent, respectively, are taught by teachers who did not prepare in that field. ``Teachers' knowledge and skills powerfully influence student learning. ``More than 2,000,000 teachers will need to be hired over the next decade. ``The ability of the United States to place highly qualified math and science teachers specializing in their field of instruction will depend on proactive policies that increase funding for teacher training, recruitment, and induction. `` ``Purpose.--It is the purpose of this part to make grants available, through a pilot program, to eligible institutions described in section 10995C, to enable such institutions to provide 500 scholarship awards to outstanding students enrolled in an accredited teacher training graduate program who are committed to pursuing careers teaching math and science at an urban or rural secondary level classroom. ``Authorization of Appropriations.--There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part $5,000,000 in each of the fiscal years 2001, 2002, and 2003. `` ``Scholarship Designation.--Funds made available under this part shall be designated as the `National Math and Science Teacher Scholarships'. ``Selection Criteria.--The Secretary of Education may award funds for National Math and Science Teacher Scholarships on a competitive basis to qualifying higher education institutions with graduate programs in teacher training. The Secretary may not provide any individual higher education institution more than $100,000 per academic year for the purpose of the National Math and Science Teacher Scholarships. An institution applying for such scholarships may only be eligible to receive funds if such institution is ranked by the Secretary in the top 25 percent of schools in the State in which the institution is located with the highest percentage of graduates passing the State teacher qualification assessment for new teachers. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if there are fewer than 4 such institutions in a State, only the institution with the highest percentage of such graduates shall be eligible to receive funding. ``Priorities.--The Secretary shall give priority to eligible institutions that meet 1 or more of the following criteria: ``Provide a year long internship program in a professional development school. ``Provide mentoring programs for novice teachers in their first 3 years. ``Demonstrate a history of placing graduates in rural and urban schools. ``Demonstrate that there is a high retention rate of teachers that the institution places in teaching positions. `` ``An individual may be eligible for a National Math and Science Teacher Scholarship only if such individual-- ``is a citizen or national of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted to the United States for permanent residence; ``is majoring in a physical or life science or mathematics graduate teacher training program; ``is enrolled in a higher education institution that-- ``is ranked by the Secretary in the top 25 percent of schools in the State in which the institution is located with the highest percentage of graduates passing the State teacher qualification assessment for new teachers; or ``if there are are fewer than 4 such institutions in a State, is the institution with the highest percentage of such graduates; and ``is willing to teach math or science in a rural or urban public secondary school for no less than 3 full academic years. `` ``Amount of Award.-- ``In general.--The amount of a scholarship awarded by participating teacher training graduate programs under this part for any academic year shall be $10,000 per student, except that in no case shall the total amount of the scholarship exceed the total cost of attendance. ``Insufficient funds.--In any fiscal year in which the amount appropriated to carry out this part is insufficient to award 500 scholarships, the Secretary shall reduce the number of awards to eligible institutions. ``Assistance Not To Exceed Cost of Attendance.--No individual shall receive an award under this part in any academic year which exceeds the cost of attendance. A scholarship awarded under this part shall not be reduced on the basis of the student's receipt of other forms of Federal student financial assistance. `` ``Agreement.--Recipients of the National Math and Science Teachers Scholarships shall agree to teach in an urban or rural public secondary school for no less than 3 full academic years. ``Repayment for Failure To Fulfill Agreement.--Any recipients of a Scholarship found by the Secretary to be in noncompliance with the agreement entered into under subsection of this section shall be required to repay a pro rata amount of the scholarship awards received, plus interest and, where applicable, reasonable collection fees, on a schedule and at a rate of interest prescribed by the Secretary by regulations. `` ``An individual recipient of a Scholarship under this part shall not be considered in violation of the agreement entered into pursuant to section 10995F during any period in which the recipient-- ``is pursuing a full-time course of study in math and science at an accredited institution; ``is serving, not in excess of 3 years, as a member of the armed services of the United States; ``is temporarily disabled for a period of time not to exceed 3 years as established by sworn affidavit of a qualified physician; ``is seeking and unable to find full-time employment for a single period not to exceed 12 months; ``is seeking and unable to find full-time employment as a math and science teacher in a public or private nonprofit elementary or secondary school or education program for a single period not to exceed 27 months; ``satisfies the provision of additional repayment exceptions that may be prescribed by the Secretary in regulations issued pursuant to this section; or ``is permanently totally disabled, as established by sworn affidavit of a qualified physician. `` ``Three years after the date on which funds are first made available to carry out this part, the Secretary of Education shall submit a report to Congress evaluating the success of the National Math and Science Teacher Scholarships pilot program in recruiting math and science teachers to teach in America's public secondary schools.''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. teacher recruitment. (a) future math and science teacher recruitment, findings. " (a. short title; findings. --the section 10995a. " " (b) findings. -the portion of the elementary and secondary education act of 1965 (20 u.s.c. 1102 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new part: "part l--future math and Science teacher recruitment "sec. 10995b. shorttitle; findings; findings." " (c) short title. --this part may be cited as the 'recruit and reward future math or science teachers of america act of 2000'. " (ab) findings." --congress finds the following: "(1) united states high school students rate 16th and 19th, respectively, in science and math out of 21 countries. "(2) of united states elementary and middle school students, 56 percent and 27 percent, respectively. "(3) of the high school and middle schools in the united states are ranked 16th, 19th and 20th out of the 21 countries out of 22 countries in science, and 21th in mathematics out of 20 countries. "(2)of united states middle school and higher school students are taught by teachers who did not prepare in that field. "(4) teachers' knowledge and skills powerfully influence student learning. "(5) more than 2,000,000 teachers will need to be hired over the next decade. "(6) the ability of the united States to place highly qualified Math and science teachers specializing in their field of instruction will depend on proactive policies that increase funding for teacher training, recruitment, and induction. " sec. 10997b. purpose; appropriations authorized. " "(a) purpose. --it is the purpose of this part to make grants available, through a pilot program, to eligible institutions described in sections 10995c, to enable such institutions to provide 500 scholarship awards to outstanding students enrolled in an accredited teacher training graduate program who are committed to pursuing careers teaching math and sciences at an urban or rural secondary level classroom. " 1b) authorization of appropriations. --there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part $5,000-000 in each of the fiscal years 2001, 2002, and 2003. "Sec. 10996c. scholarship designation and selection criteria. " “ (a, scholarship designation. --funds made available under this part shall be designated as the national math andscience teacher scholarships'. " "b) selection criteriayears. "sec. 10995e. scholarship amount. " (a) amount of award. -- "(1) in general. --the amount of a scholarship awarded by participating teacher training graduate programs under this part for any academic year shall be $10,000 per student, except that in no case shall the total amount of the scholarship exceed the total cost of attendance. "(2) insufficient funds. --in any fiscal year in which the amount appropriated to carry out this part is insufficient to award 500 scholarships, the secretary shall reduce the number of awards to eligible institutions. " " (b) assistance not to exceed cost of attend. --no individual shall receive an award under this portion in any academic years which exceeds the cost of the student. a scholarship award underthis part shall not be reduced on the basis of the Student's receipt of other forms of federal student financial assistance. " sec. 10997f. agreement; scholarship repayment provisions. "a) agreement. --recipients of the national math and science teachers scholarships shall agree to teach in an urban or rural public secondary school for no less than 3 full academic years. "b) repayment for failure to fulfill agreement. "any recipients of a Scholarship found by the secretary to be in noncompliance with the agreement entered into pursuant to section 10995f. --each recipient of a pro rata amount of all the scholarship awards received, plus interest and, where applicable, reasonable collection fees, on a schedule and at a rate of interest prescribed by the Secretary by regulations. ""sec." 10995g. exceptions to repayment provisions, "an individual recipient of an individual portion of a scholarships under this section shall be considered in violation of the agreements entered into under subsection (a). --any recipient of the agreement, or noncompliance is found to have been in noncompliance with the agreements entering into under this subsection. --any recipients, not in excess of 3 years, as a member of the armed services of the united states; "(3) is temporarily disabled for a period of time not to exceeded 3 years as established by sworn affidavit of a qualified physician; "(4) is seeking and unable to find full-time employment for a single period not to be paid; "(6) satisfies the provision of additional repayment exceptions that may be prescribed by a secretary in regulations issued pursuant to this section; or "(7) is permanently totally disabled, as determined by sworn affidav of a certified physician. "three years after the date on which funds are first made available to carryout this</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.7209962606430054</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>93</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Irrigation Subsidy Reduction Act of 1996''. Congress finds that-- the Federal reclamation program has been in existence for over 90 years, with an estimated taxpayer investment of over $70,000,000,000; the program has had and continues to have an enormous effect on the water resources and aquatic environments of the western States; irrigation water made available from Federal water projects in the West is a very valuable resource for which there are increasing and competing demands; the justification for providing water at less than full cost was to benefit and promote the development of small family farms and exclude large corporate farms, but this purpose has been frustrated over the years due to inadequate implementation of subsidy and acreage limits; below-cost water prices tend to encourage excessive use of scarce water supplies in the arid regions of the West, and reasonable price increases to the wealthiest western farmers would provide an economic incentive for greater water conservation; the Federal Government has increasingly applied eligibility tests based on income for Federal entitlement and subsidy programs, measures that are consistent with the historic approach of the reclamation program's acreage limitations that seek to limit water subsidies to smaller farms; and including a means test based on gross income in the reclamation program will increase the effectiveness of carrying out the family farm goals of the Federal reclamation laws. Definitions.--Section 202 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390bb) is amended-- by redesignating paragraphs , , , , and as paragraphs , , , , and , respectively; in paragraph by striking ``owned or operated under a lease which'' and inserting ``owned, leased, or operated by an individual or legal entity and which''; by inserting after paragraph the following: ``Legal entity.--The term `legal entity' includes a corporation, association, partnership, trust, joint tenancy, or tenancy in common, or any other entity that owns, leases, or operates a farm operation for the benefit of more than 1 individual under any form of agreement or arrangement. ``Operator.-- ``In general.--The term `operator'-- ``means an individual or legal entity that operates a single farm operation on a parcel (or parcels) of land that is owned or leased by another person (or persons) under any form of agreement or arrangement (or agreements or arrangements); and ``if the individual or legal entity-- ``is an employee of an individual or legal entity, includes the individual or legal entity; or ``is a legal entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with another legal entity, includes each such other legal entity. ``Operation of a farm operation.--For the purposes of subparagraph , an individual or legal entity shall be considered to operate a farm operation if the individual or legal entity is the person that performs the greatest proportion of the decisionmaking for and supervision of the agricultural enterprise on land served with irrigation water.''; and by adding at the end the following: ``Single farm operation.-- ``In general.--The term `single farm operation' means the total acreage of land served with irrigation water for which an individual or legal entity is the operator. ``Rules for determining whether separate parcels are operated as a single farm operation.-- ``Equipment- and labor-sharing activities.--The conduct of equipment- and labor-sharing activities on separate parcels of land by separate individuals or legal entities shall not by itself serve as a basis for concluding that the farming operations of the individuals or legal entities constitute a single farm operation. ``Performance of certain services.-- The performance by an individual or legal entity of an agricultural chemical application, pruning, or harvesting for a farm operation on a parcel of land shall not by itself serve as a basis for concluding that the farm operation on that parcel of land is part of a single farm operation operated by the individual or entity on other parcels of land.''. Identification of Owners, Lessees, and Operators and of Single Farm Operations.--The Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 39aa et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 201 the following: `` SINGLE FARM OPERATIONS. ``In General.--Subject to subsection , for each parcel of land to which irrigation water is delivered or proposed to be delivered, the Secretary shall identify a single individual or legal entity as the owner, lessee, or operator. ``Shared Decisionmaking and Supervision.--If the Secretary determines that no single individual or legal entity is the owner, lessee, or other individual that performs the greatest proportion of decisionmaking for and supervision of the agricultural enterprise on a parcel of land-- ``all individuals and legal entities that own, lease, or perform a proportion of decisionmaking and supervision that is equal as among themselves but greater than the proportion performed by any other individual or legal entity shall be considered jointly to be the owner, lessee, or operator; and ``all parcels of land of which any such individual or legal entity is the owner, lessee, or operator shall be considered to be part of the single farm operation of the owner, lessee, or operator identified under subsection . Pricing.--Section 205 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390ee) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``Single Farm Operations Generating More Than $500,000 in Gross Farm Income.-- ``In general.--Notwithstanding subsections , , and , in the case of-- ``a qualified recipient that reports gross farm income from a single farm operation in excess of $500,000 for a taxable year; or ``a limited recipient that received irrigation water on or before October 1, 1981, and that reports gross farm income from a single farm operation in excess of $500,000 for a taxable year; irrigation water may be delivered to the single farm operation of the qualified recipient or limited recipient at less than full cost to a number of acres that does not exceed the number of acres determined under paragraph . ``Maximum number of acres to which irrigation water may be delivered at less than full cost.--The number of acres determined under this subparagraph is the number equal to the number of acres of the single farm operation multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is $500,000 and the denominator of which is the amount of gross farm income reported by the qualified recipient or limited recipient in the most recent taxable year. ``Inflation adjustment.-- ``In general.--The $500,000 amount under paragraphs and for any taxable year beginning in a calendar year after 1997 shall be equal to the product of-- ``$500,000, multiplied by ``the inflation adjustment factor for the taxable year. ``Inflation adjustment factor.--The term `inflation adjustment factor' means, with respect to any calendar year, a fraction the numerator of which is the GDP implicit price deflator for the preceding calendar year and the denominator of which is the GDP implicit price deflator for 1996. Not later than April 1 of any calendar year, the Secretary shall publish the inflation adjustment factor for the preceding calendar year. ``GDP implicit price deflator.--For purposes of subparagraph , the term `GDP implicit price deflator' means the first revision of the implicit price deflator for the gross domestic product as computed and published by the Secretary of Commerce. ``Rounding.--If any increase determined under subparagraph is not a multiple of $100, the increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.''. Certification of Compliance.--Section 206 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390ff) is amended to read as follows: `` ``In General.--As a condition to the receipt of irrigation water for land in a district that has a contract described in section 203, each owner, lessee, or operator in the district shall furnish the district, in a form prescribed by the Secretary, a certificate that the owner, lessee, or operator is in compliance with this title, including a statement of the number of acres owned, leased, or operated, the terms of any lease or agreement pertaining to the operation of a farm operation, and, in the case of a lessee or operator, a certification that the rent or other fees paid reflect the reasonable value of the irrigation water to the productivity of the land. ``Documentation.--The Secretary may require a lessee or operator to submit for the Secretary's examination-- ``a complete copy of any lease or other agreement executed by each of the parties to the lease or other agreement; and ``a copy of the return of income tax imposed by chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for any taxable year in which the single farm operation of the lessee or operator received irrigation water at less than full cost.''. Trusts.--Section 214 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390nn) is repealed. Administrative Provisions.-- Penalties.--Section 224of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390ww) is amended-- by striking ``The Secretary'' and inserting the following: ``Regulations; Data Collection; Penalties.-- ``Regulations; data collection.--The Secretary''; and by adding at the end the following: ``Penalties.--Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall establish appropriate and effective penalties for failure to comply with any provision of this Act or any regulation issued under this Act.''. Interest.--Section 224of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390ww) is amended by striking the last sentence and inserting the following: ``The interest rate applicable to underpayments shall be equal to the rate applicable to expenditures under section 202.''. Reporting.--Section 228 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390zz) is amended by inserting ``operator or'' before ``contracting entity'' each place it appears. Memorandum of Understanding.--The Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390aa et seq.) is amended-- by redesignating sections 229 and 230 as sections 230 and 231; and by inserting after section 228 the following: `` ``The Secretary, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secretary of Agriculture shall enter into a memorandum of understanding or other appropriate instrument to permit the Secretary, notwithstanding section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, to have access to and use of available information collected or maintained by the Department of the Treasury and the Department of Agriculture that would aid enforcement of the ownership and pricing limitations of Federal reclamation law.''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "irrigation subsidy reduction act of 1996". sec. 2. findings. congress finds that-- (1) the federal reclamation program has been in existence for over 90 years, with an estimated taxpayer investment of over $70,000,000.000; (2) the program has had and continues to have an enormous effect on the water resources and aquatic environments of the western states; (3) irrigation water made available from federal water projects in the west is a very valuable resource for which there are increasing and competing demands; (4) the justification for providing water at less than full cost was to benefit and promote the development of small family farms and exclude large corporate farms, but this purpose has been frustrated over the years due to inadequate implementation of subsidy and acreage limits; (5) below-cost water prices tend to encourage excessive use of scarce water supplies in the arid regions of the west, and reasonable price increases to the wealthiest western farmers would provide an economic incentive for greater water conservation; (6) the United government has increasingly applied eligibility tests based on income for federal entitlement and subsidy programs, measures that are consistent with the historic approach of the reclamation programs, and this purpose was to limit water subsidies to smaller farms; and (7) including a means test based on gross income in the Reclamation program will increase the effectiveness of carrying out the family farm goals of the federal rifrage laws. sec. 3. amendments. (a) definitions. --section 202 of the US reclamation reform act of 1982 (43 u.s.c. 390bb) is amended. --the reclamation legislation is amended by: (a). measures that include: (b) measures based on incomes for federal entitle and subsidy program, measures to be consistent with a historic approach. -- measures that provide for the family farms; (c) measures that seek to limit the use of water resources in the western state; (d) including measures that allow for the development and use of large family farms. --d) by redesignating paragraphs (7), (8), (9), (10), (11), and (13), respectively; (e) by inserting "owned, leased, or operated by an individual or legal entity and which"; (e.g. "a) and inserting after paragraph (6). --section 201 of the "reclamation reform bill of 1982. -- " (a.a. --a) changes. --(ashall not by itself serve as a basis for concluding that the farming operations of the individuals or legal entities constitute a single farm operation. " (ii) performance of certain services. -- the performance by an individual or legal entity of an agricultural chemical application, pruning, or harvesting for a farm operation on a parcel of land shall not by themselves serve as the basis for determining that the farm operation is part of a single farming operation operated by the individual or entity on other parcels of land. ". (b) identification of owners, lessees, and operators and of single farm operations. --the reclamation reform act of 1982 (43 u.s.c. 39aa et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 201 the following: "sec. 201a. identification of owner, lessee, and operator and of Single farm operations, " (a) in general. --subject to subsection (b), for each parcel of the land to which irrigation water is delivered or proposed to be delivered, the secretary shall identify a single individual and legal entity as the owner, lesees and operators. " " (b" shared decisionmaking and supervision. --if the secretary determines that no single individual or political entity is the owner/ lessee or other individual that performs the greatest proportion of decisionmaking for and supervision of the agricultural enterprise, the Secretary shall assign at the end of subsection (a)(b) to the extent that the Secretary determines that the individual, lesee, or operator is the proprietor, or owner of the parcel of agricultural enterprise on a land. "(a) shared decision making and supervision and of the secretary. --(b) share decisionmaking. -- " (c) shared decisionsmaking and supervising. -- "(1) all individuals and legal entities that own, lease, or perform a proportion of the decisionmaking, or supervision that is equal as among themselves but greater than the proportion performed by any other individual or professional entity shall be considered jointly to be the owner. -- (2) all parcels of the same land of which any such individual or Legal entity is a owner, or other person shall be deemed to be part of the single farm operating of the owner (1). " (d) single farm activities that are equal to the amount performed by the owner or lessee and the operator. --"(1) single farming operations that are part of an operation of the propriet, leesse, or operators identified under subsection (1) and of a multi farm operation identified under subsections (a), and--for purposes of subparagraph (b), the term 'gdp implicit price deflator' means the first revision or revision of the implicit pricelator for the gross domestic product as computed and published by the secretary of commerce. " (d) rounding. --if any increase determined under subparagraph (a) is not a multiple of $100, the increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of "100.". (d. certification of compliance. --section 206 of the reclamation reform act of 1982 (43 u.s.c. 390ff) is amended to read as follows: "sec. 206. certification and compliance. " " (a)(a) in general. --as a condition to the receipt of irrigation water for land in a district that has a contract described in section 203, each owner, lessee, or operator in the district shall furnish the district, in a form prescribed by the Secretary, a certificate that the owner, là, and operator is in compliance with this title, including a statement of the number of acres owned, leased, or operated, the terms of any lease or agreement pertaining to the operation of a farm operation, and, in the case of a lessee or operator, a certification that the rent or other fees paid reflect the reasonable value of the irrigation water to the productivity of the land. ". (b) documentation. --the secretary may require a lesse or operator to submit for the secretary's examination-- "(1) a complete copy of any statement of a number of acre owned, lease or other agreement executed by each of the parties to the term of any farm operation; and "(2) a copy of the terms and agreements pertaining to a farm operations, and a copy thereof. --a copy of a lease or an agreement regarding the operation or any lease of a Farm operation, the term or agreement, the amount of any tax imposed by chapter 1 of the internal revenue code of 1986 for any taxable year in which the single farm operation of the lesseeor or operator received irrigation water at less than full cost. ". (e) trusts. --sections 214 of the Reclamation reform Act of 1982,43 ua.scc. 390nn) is repealed. (f) administrative provisions. -- (1) penalties.—section 224 (c) of the regclamation reform acts of 1982 have 43 u.ss.c- 390ww (c)) is amended-- "(a) by striking " (c" the secretary" and inserting the following: "</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6910301446914673</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>94</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Hospital Price Disclosure Act of 2005''. DATA. Requirement.-- Hospitals.--Subsection of section 1866 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc) is amended-- in subparagraph , by striking ``and'' at the end; in subparagraph , by striking the period at the end and inserting ``, and''; and by inserting after subparagraph the following new subparagraph: ``in the case of a hospital, to report to the Secretary data in accordance with subsection and to post notice regarding such data in accordance with subsection .''. Ambulatory surgical centers.--Section 1832of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395k) is amended by inserting after ``other standards'' the following: ``, including the reporting to the Secretary of data in accordance with section 1866and the posting of notice regarding such data in accordance with section 1866''. Data Reporting by Hospitals and Ambulatory Surgical Centers for Certain Inpatient and Outpatient Procedures and Inpatient Drugs.-- Section 1866 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``Data Reporting by Hospitals and Ambulatory Surgical Centers and Public Posting.-- ``Quarterly reporting requirement.--Not later than 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter (beginning more than one year after the date of the enactment of this subsection), a hospital shall report to the Secretary, for each procedure or drug selected under paragraph , and an ambulatory surgical center shall report to the Secretary, for each procedure selected under paragraph , the following data: ``The frequency with which the hospital performed the procedure, or administered the drug in an inpatient setting, or the center performed the procedure during such quarter. ``If the procedure was performed or the drug was so administered during such quarter, the average and the median of the price charged by the hospital or center for such procedure or drug during such quarter. ``Public availability of data.-- ``Public posting of data.--The Secretary shall promptly post, on the official public Internet site of the Department of Health and Human Services, the data reported under paragraph . Such data shall be set forth in a manner that promotes price comparison among hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers. ``Notice of availability.--A hospital and ambulatory surgical center shall prominently post at each admission site of the hospital or center a notice of the availability of the data reported under paragraph on the official public Internet site under subparagraph . ``Selection of procedures and drugs.-- ``Initial selection.--Based on national data, the Secretary shall select the following: ``The 25 most frequently performed hospital inpatient procedures. ``The 25 most frequently performed hospital outpatient procedures. ``The 50 most frequently administered drugs in a hospital inpatient setting. ``Updating selection.--The Secretary shall periodically update the procedures and drugs selected under subparagraph . ``Civil money penalty.--The Secretary may impose a civil money penalty of not more than $10,000 for each knowing violation of the provisions of paragraph or by a hospital or ambulatory surgical center. A civil money penalty under this paragraph shall be imposed and collected in the same manner as a civil money penalty under subsection of section 1128A is imposed and collected under that section. ``Administrative provisions.-- ``Classification of procedures.--For purposes of this subsection, the Secretary shall establish rules for the classification of different procedures and for the assignment of items and services to those procedures. ``Computation of average and median prices.-- For purposes of paragraph , the computation of an average and median price for a procedure or drug shall be in accordance with a methodology prescribed by the Secretary. Such methodology may provide for reporting by the hospital or ambulatory surgical center of unit prices for specific items and services included in a procedure, including appropriate per diem prices, and a method of converting such unit prices for a procedure to an average and median price for such procedure. ``Form of report and notice.--The Secretary shall specify the electronic form and manner by which a hospital or ambulatory surgical center shall report data under paragraph and the form for posting of notices under paragraph . ``Non-preemption of state laws.--Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as preempting or otherwise affecting any provision of State law relating to the disclosure of price or other information for a hospital or ambulatory surgical center. ``Drug defined.--For purposes of this subsection, the term `drug' includes a biological and a non-prescription drug, such as an ointment. ''."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "hospital price disclosure act of 2005". sec. 2. public disclosure of hospital and ambulatory surgical center data. (a) requirement. -- (1) hospitals. --subsection (a)(1) of section 1866 of the social security act (42 u.s.c. 1395cc) is amended-- (a), in subparagraph (u), by striking "and" at the end; (b) in subparagraph and inserting ", and"; and (c) by inserting after subparagraph (v) the following new subparagraph: " (w) in the case of a hospital, to report to the secretary data in accordance with subsection (k)(1), and to post notice regarding such data in the same way that the secretary did in the previous year. ". (2) ambulatory medical centers. --section 1832 (a(2)(f) (i) of such act (41 u.S.c.) 1395k (a–2)(i) (a-2)(c) (b)) is amended by inserting at the beginning the following: ", including the reporting to the Secretary data in such as subsection (a1) and the posting of notice about such data (b). ". (3) hospitals and ambulatories surgical centers. -section 1833 (a (2)(F) (f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.s.,c.1395k) (c)(2)(a) (d) (e)) is amend by inserting "other standards" and inserting after "other standard" the following, including the posting after the "Other standards" the same: ",including the reporting of the secretary of data in conjunction with sections 1866(k)(2) and (b), posting of notices regarding such information in accordancewith section 1867(k(2) (B)". (b- data reporting by hospitals and an ambulatory surgery centers for certain inpatient and outpatient procedures and inpatient drugs. -- section 1832 "a) data reporting for certain hospital and outpatient procedure and in patient drugs. " section 1864 of such Act (41 U.S.-c. 201395cc" is further amended by adding at the tail the following New subsection: "(k) data Reporting by hospitals. " "(1) data posting. -- "(2) quarterly reporting requirement. -not later than 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter (beginning more than one year afterunder this paragraph shall be imposed and collected in the same manner as a civil money penalty under subsection (a) of section 1128a is imposed and collects under that section. "(5) administrative provisions. -- " (a" classification of procedures. --for purposes of this subsection, the secretary shall establish rules for the classification of different procedures and for the assignment of items and services to those procedures. " (b) computation of average and median prices. -- for purposes of paragraph (1), the computation of an average and Median price for a procedure or drug shall be in accordance with a methodology prescribed by the secretary. such methodology may provide for reporting by the hospital or ambulatory surgical center of unit prices for specific items and Services included in a procedure, including appropriate per diem prices, and a method of converting such unit prices to an average or median price for such procedure. " " (c) form of report and notice. --the secretary shall specify the electronic form and manner by which a hospital or an ambulatory medical center shall report data under paragraph (2) and the form for posting of notices under paragraph 1. " "(6) non-preemption of state laws. --nothing in this subsection shall be construed as preempting or otherwise affecting any provision of state law relating to the disclosure of price or other information for a patient or ambulant surgical center. "(7) form and notice and manner. --one secretary shall provide the secretary with a form for the electronic forms and manner for posting the notice and notice by the patient or the physician or the patient's physician. "(8) drug defined. --if the term 'drug' includes a biological and a non-prescription drug, such as an ointment. ". ".</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6767236590385437</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>95</ROW><BILL>"Short Title.--This Act may be cited as the ``Preserving Equitable Access to Community-based Home Health Act of 2009''. Purpose.--It is the purpose of this Act to preserve access to home health services for all Americans, regardless of their ability to pay or their severity of illness. The Congress finds the following: The Medicare home health benefit is vulnerable to agency selection of the most profitable beneficiaries and avoidance of the most complex and costly beneficiaries. Such ``cherry picking'' by some home health agencies compromises access to care for the most complex, highest risk beneficiaries. The Government Accountability Office has reported that hospital discharge planners have difficulty placing more than 10 percent of eligible patients in home health due to their extensive care needs. Proposals to reduce Medicare payments to home health agencies (in response to large aggregate margins across all home health agencies) may undermine the financial viability of mission-driven and non-profit home health agencies, which often have low to negative margins, while allowing high-margin agencies to remain in operation. In General.--There shall be established a fund (to be known as the ``PEACH fund'') from which home health agencies meeting specified criteria shall be paid supplemental amounts in addition to their statutory payment amounts under title XVIII of the Social Security Act. Is this to be a trust fund? Where is this fund to be established? Who adminsters it? What are the sources of funding that goes into the fund? What are the allowed uses of such funding? Peach Program.--Title XVIII of the Social Security Act is amended by inserting after section 1895 the following new section: ``supplemental payments for peach agencies ``Sec. 1895A. Designation.-- ``In general.--The Secretary shall designate as a `PEACH agency' any home health agency that meets the criteria under paragraph . ``Criteria.--The Secretary may not designate a home health agency as a PEACH agency unless the home health agency meets the following criteria: ``The home health agency is certified for participation under this title. ``The home health agency offers-- ``the complete range of home health services as defined under section 1861of this title; ``the complete range of home health services on a 24 hours per day, 7 days per week on-call basis; and ``its services to all eligible beneficiaries or enrollees under this title and/or title XIX, and uninsured individuals up to its service capacity, regardless of their ability to pay or the complexity or intensity of care they require. ``The home health agency provides charity care in an amount greater than or equal to 1 percent of its total revenue. ``The home health agency agrees that the Secretary may, by statistical or other means, verify on an annual basis that the agency meets the criteria defined in this paragraph, and that the agency will be subject to disqualification from the PEACH program if such criteria are not met. ``Supplemental Payments.-- ``In general.--Subject to the availability of funds under subsection , the Secretary shall make supplemental payments to PEACH agencies based on information submitted by the agency on an additional schedule in the Medicare cost report. ``Cost reporting.--The Secretary shall implement an additional schedule, as a component of the cost reporting process, on which home health agencies may report information the Secretary deems necessary for designation and payment as a PEACH agency. ``Amount and timing for first year as peach agency.-- ``The supplemental payment made to a home health agency for the first year in which such agency is designated a PEACH agency under this section shall be equal to its shortfall in that year, defined as the sum of-- ``the aggregate reasonable cost of home health services delivered under parts A and B of this title by the PEACH agency for such year, less the aggregate payments received by the PEACH agency pursuant to section 1895; ``the aggregate actual costs of home health and home and community based services delivered by the agency under sections 1905, 1905, and 1915through of title XIX for such year, less the aggregate payments received by the PEACH agency for such services under that title; and ``the aggregate cost of uncompensated home health services delivered by the PEACH agency for such year. ``The supplemental payment under subparagraph shall be paid within 90 days of receipt of the annual cost report by the Secretary. ``Amount and timing for subsequent years.--For each year after the first year in which a home health agency is designated a PEACH agency, a PEACH agency shall receive interim supplemental payments based on-- ``the intervals at which the agency submits cost reports; and ``the estimated shortfall, as defined in subparagraph , for the year or interval in question. ``Funding.--Supplemental payments under this section shall be-- ``paid from the PEACH fund, which shall be capped at $500,000,000 annually and shall be administered by the Secretary; and ``paid to PEACH agencies-- ``pursuant to subsection ; or ``if the PEACH fund is insufficient to cover all the supplemental payments that should be paid under subsection , in proportion to each agency's shortfall relative to the aggregate shortfall of all PEACH agencies for the year in question. In any year in which the Secretary determines that the PEACH fund will not cover the aggregate estimated shortfall of all PEACH agencies, the Secretary shall make a preliminary supplemental payment to each PEACH agency within 90 days of receipt of its annual cost report and, if funds remain, an additional supplemental payment after all PEACH agency cost reports have been received. ``Definitions.--For purposes of this section-- ``the term `charity care' means home health services that are provided to an individual who is-- ``not eligible for payment under this title, under title XIX, or by any other third-party payer; and ``unable to pay any portion of the full cost of care, including any amount subsidized or otherwise discounted due to an individual's inability to pay; and ``the term `uncompensated care' means home health services provided to an individual by a home health agency with the knowledge that the individual will be financially unable to pay for the services.''. Conforming Amendment.--Section 1895of the Social Security Act is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ``and the provisions of section 1895A''. The Secretary shall issue such regulations as are necessary and appropriate for the implementation of the provisions of this Act. There is authorized for appropriation $500,000,000 for each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2010 for purposes of carrying out the purposes of this Act. Is there anything this funds other than the PEACH fund? Should this go into the provision creating that fund?"</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title; purpose. (a) short title. --this act may be cited as the "preserving equitable access to community-based home health (peach) act of 2009". (b) purpose. --it is the purpose of this act to preserve access to home health services for all americans, regardless of their ability to pay or their severity of illness. sec. 2. findings. the congress finds the following: (1) the medicare home health benefit is vulnerable to agency selection of the most profitable beneficiaries and avoidance of the more complex and costly beneficiaries. (2) such "cherry picking" by some home health agencies compromises access to care for the most complex, highest risk beneficiaries and avoids access to health care for those most complex and high risk beneficiaries. -- " (3) the government accountability office has reported that hospital discharge planners have difficulty placing more than 10 percent of eligible patients in home health due to their extensive care needs. (4) proposals to reduce medicare payments to home Health agencies (in response to large aggregate margins across all home health agency) may undermine the financial viability of mission-driven and non-profit home health organizations, which often have low to negative margins, while allowing high-margin agencies to remain in operation. sec, 3. supplemental payments for peach agencies. (b. supplemental funds. --there shall be established a fund (to be known as the"peach fund") from which home health providers meeting specified criteria shall be paid supplemental amounts in addition to their statutory payment amounts under title xviii of the social security act. is this to be a trust fund? where is this fund to be established? who administers it? what are the sources of funding that goes into the fund? what is the allowed uses of such funding? (b). peach program. --title xvIII of the Social security act is amended by inserting after section 1861(m) of this title into the Social Security act. --the secretary may establish a fund for the "peach program. (c) in general. -- the secretary shall designate as a 'peach agency' any homehealth agency that meets the criteria under paragraph (2). "(2) criteria. --where is this is a fund? the secretary may not designate a home health fund? who is responsible for the fund is the administrator of the fund. (d) peach programs. -- title xvi of this social security bill is amendedby inserting after sections 1861(a) and 1861(b)sum of-- " (i) the aggregate reasonable cost of home health services delivered under parts a and b of this title by the peach agency for such year, less the aggregate payments received by the Peach agency pursuant to section 1895; " (ii) the aggreg actual costs of home and home and community based services delivered by the agency under sections 1905 (a)(7), 1905 (b)(22), and 1915 (c) through (e) of title xix for such day; and " (iii)the aggregate cost of uncompensated home health and home health Services delivered by a peach agencyfor such year. " (b) the supplemental payment under subparagraph (a) shall be paid within 90 days of receipt of the annual cost report by the secretary. "(4) amount and timing for subsequent years. --for each year after the first year in which a home health agency is designated a peach- agency, a peach agent shall receive interim supplemental payments based on-- " " (a" the aggregate cost, as defined in subparagraph (3) (a), for the year or interval in question; and, if funds remain, a preliminary supplemental payment to each peach agency. "(5) the interim supplemental payment. --supplemental payments under this section shall be-- "(1) paid from the peach fund, which shall be capped at $500,000,000 annually and shall be administered by the Secretary; and "(2) paid to peach agencies-- "(a) the intervals at which the agency submits cost reports; and � (b” the intervals of which the agencies submits Cost reports;and " (c" the estimated shortfall, as determined in subparagraph 1) (1), for each year or intervals in question. " "c) funding. -supplementals payments under the section shall not be--"(1) used from the peachy fund,which shall be cap at $2,000 per year and shall not exceed $500 in the secretary; and"(2) applied by the secretaries; and "[2) used to peach agency-- " ona) pursuant to subsection (b); or " (B) if the peach funds is insufficient to cover all the supplemental payments that should be paid under subsection (a", in proportion to each agency's shortfall relative to the aggregate shortfall of all peach agencies for the calendar year in question, or in the year in addition. in any year, which the secretary determines that the peach Fund will not cover the aggregate estimated shortfall of any peach agencies, the</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.666020929813385</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>96</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Long Island Sound Stewardship Act of 2004''. Findings.--Congress finds that-- Long Island Sound is a national treasure of great cultural, environmental, and ecological importance; 8,000,000 people live within the Long Island Sound watershed and 28,000,000 people (approximately 10 percent of the population of the United States) live within 50 miles of Long Island Sound; activities that depend on the environmental health of Long Island Sound contribute more than $5,000,000,000 each year to the regional economy; the portion of the shoreline of Long Island Sound that is accessible to the general public (estimated at less than 20 percent of the total shoreline) is not adequate to serve the needs of the people living in the area; existing shoreline facilities are in many cases overburdened and underfunded; large parcels of open space already in public ownership are strained by the effort to balance the demand for recreation with the needs of sensitive natural resources; approximately \1/3\ of the tidal marshes of Long Island Sound have been filled, and much of the remaining marshes have been ditched, dyked, or impounded, reducing the ecological value of the marshes; and many of the remaining exemplary natural landscape is vulnerable to further development. Purpose.--The purpose of this Act is to establish the Long Island Sound Stewardship System to preserve areas of critical importance because of the open space, public access, and ecological value of the areas. In this Act: Committee.--The term ``Committee'' means the Long Island Sound Stewardship Coordinating Committee established by section 5. Region.--The term ``Region'' means the Long Island Sound Stewardship System Region established by section 4. States.--The term ``States'' means the States of Connecticut and New York. Establishment.--There is established in the States the Long Island Sound Stewardship System Region. Boundaries.--The Region shall encompass the immediate coastal upland and underwater areas along Long Island Sound, including those portions of the Sound with coastally influenced vegetation, as described on the map entitled the ``Long Island Sound Stewardship Region'' and dated April 21, 2004. Establishment.--There is established a committee to be known as the ``Long Island Sound Stewardship Coordinating Committee''. Chairperson.--The Chairperson of the Committee shall be the Director of the Long Island Sound Office of the Environmental Protection Agency, or designee. Membership.-- Composition.-- In general.--The chairperson shall appoint the members of the Committee in accordance with this subsection and section 320of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1330). Representation.--The Committee shall-- include equal representation of the interests of the States; and represent-- Federal, State, and local government interests; the interests of nongovernmental organizations; academic interests; and private interests. Date of appointments.--The appointment of a member of the Committee shall be made not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. Term; Vacancies.-- Term.--A member shall be appointed for the life of the Committee. Vacancies.--A vacancy on the Committee-- shall not affect the powers of the Committee; and shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment was made. Initial Meeting.--Not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of the Committee have been appointed, the Committee shall hold the initial meeting of the Committee. Meetings.--The Committee shall meet at the call of the Chairperson, but not less than 4 times each year. Quorum.--A majority of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. The Committee shall-- consistent with the guidelines described in section 9-- establish specific criteria for the evaluation of applications for stewardship site designations; and evaluate and award or deny stewardship designation to applicants for that designation; consistent with the guidelines described in section 9-- evaluate applications from government or nonprofit organizations qualified to hold conservation easements for funds to purchase land or development rights for stewardship sites; and award funds to qualified applicants; not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, develop and publish a management plan that-- assesses the current resources of and threats to Long Island Sound; assesses the role of the Long Island Sound Stewardship System in protecting Long Island Sound; establishes-- guidelines, schedules, and due dates for applying for designation as a stewardship site; and specific criteria to be used in evaluating stewardship site applications; includes information about any grants that are available for the purchase of land or property rights to protect stewardship sites; shall be made available to the public on the Internet and in hardcopy form; and shall be updated at least every other year, with information on applications for stewardship site designation and funding published more frequently; and concurrent with the first management plan, publish a list of sites that the Committee considers most appropriate for designation as stewardship sites. Hearings.--The Committee may hold such hearings, meet and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Committee considers advisable to carry out this Act. Information From Federal Agencies.-- In general.--The Committee may secure directly from a Federal agency such information as the Committee considers necessary to carry out this Act. Provision of information.--On request of the Chairperson of the Committee, the head of the agency shall provide the information to the Committee. Postal Services.--The Committee may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other agencies of the Federal Government. Gifts.--The Committee may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of services or property. Compensation of Members.-- Non-federal employees.--A member of the Committee who is not an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Committee. Federal employees.--A member of the Committee who is an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall serve without compensation in addition to the compensation received for the services of the member as an officer or employee of the Federal Government. Travel Expenses.--A member of the Committee shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for an employee of an agency under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the home or regular place of business of the member in the performance of the duties of the Committee. Staff.-- In general.--The Chairperson of the Committee may, without regard to the civil service laws (including regulations), appoint and terminate an executive director and such other additional personnel as are necessary to enable the Committee to perform the duties of the Committee. Confirmation of executive director.--The employment of an executive director shall be subject to confirmation by the Committee. Compensation.-- In general.--Except as provided in subparagraph , the Chairperson of the Committee may fix the compensation of the executive director and other personnel without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, relating to classification of positions and General Schedule pay rates. Maximum rate of pay.--The rate of pay for the executive director and other personnel shall not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. Detail of Federal Government Employees.-- In general.--An employee of the Federal Government may be detailed to the Committee without reimbursement. Civil service status.--The detail of the employee shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege. Procurement of Temporary and Intermittent Services.--The Chairperson of the Committee may procure temporary and intermittent services in accordance with section 3109of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individuals that do not exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of that title. Definition of Qualifying Land.--In this section, the term ``qualifying land'' means land-- that is in the Region; and that is-- Federal, State, local, or tribal land; land owned by a nonprofit organization; or privately owned land. Application for Designation.--Owners or other parties in control of qualifying land may apply to the Committee to have the qualifying land designated as a Long Island Sound stewardship site. General Guidelines for Stewardship Site Designation.-- In general.--The Committee shall choose land to be designated as a stewardship site based on-- the contribution of the land to open space on and public access to Long Island Sound; and the ecological value of the land. Criteria.--In considering land described in applications submitted under subsection , the Committee shall consider-- land cover; size; adjacency and connectivity to existing parks and open spaces; water quality; current or prospective recreational use; visitor demand; scenic quality; cultural resources; erosion and flood hazard prevention; environmental justice; fish and wildlife productivity; biodiversity; scientific value; water quality protection; habitat restoration characteristics; connectivity to other habitats that are vital to sustaining healthy living resources in the Long Island Sound watershed; risk of development; and other criteria developed by the Committee under section 6. General Guidelines for Awarding Funds.-- In general.--The Committee shall award funds to qualified applicants to help to secure and improve the open space, public access, or ecological values of stewardship sites, through-- purchase of the property of the site; purchase of relevant property rights of the site; or entering into any other binding legal arrangement that ensures that the values of the site are preserved. Equitable distribution of funds.--The Committee shall exert due diligence to distribute funds equitably between the States. In General.--There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $40,000,000 for each fiscal year, to be allocated from the national estuary program under section 320 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1330). Allocation of Funds.--For each fiscal year-- not more than 15 percent of funds made available under subsection shall be used to improve the facilities of stewardship sites; and at least 85 percent of funds made available under subsection shall be used to secure the values of stewardship sites. Federal Share.--The Federal share of the cost of an activity carried out using any assistance or grant under this Act shall not exceed 75 percent of the total cost of the activity."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "long island sound stewardship act of 2004". sec. 2. findings and purpose. (a) findings. --congress finds that-- (1) long island sound is a national treasure of great cultural, environmental, and ecological importance; (2) 8,000,000 people live within the long island Sound watershed and 28,000-000 people (approximately 10 percent of the population of the united states) live within 50 miles of long island land; (3) activities that depend on the environmental health of long Island sound contribute more than $5,000 (1,000) to the regional economy; (4) the portion of the shoreline of Long island sound that is accessible to the general public (estimated at less than 20 percent of a total shoreline) is not adequate to serve the needs of the people living in the area; (5) existing shoreline facilities are in many cases overburdened and underfunded; (6) large parcels of open space already in public ownership are strained by the effort to balance the demand for recreation with the needs for sensitive natural resources; (7) approximately \\\\1/3/4 of the tidal marshes of Long Island Sound have been filled, and much of the remaining marshes have been ditched, dyked, or impounded, reducing the ecological value of the marshes; and (8) many of the existing shorelines are in some cases over-burdens and underfunding; (9) large portions of open spaces already in private ownership are stretched by the efforts to balance and balance the supply for recreation and the needs to preserve sensitive natural resource; (10) large tracts of open land are underutilized, and many of these areas are vulnerable to further development; (11) large areas of open-space are underfunded, and some of the areas are under-utilized; (12) the areas of public access, public access and ecological value have been depreciated; (13) the area is vulnerable to future development. (c) the waters. --the areas of high island sound have been underburden and overfunded. (b) purpose. -the purpose of this act is to preserve areas of critical importance because of the open space, publicaccess, and environmental value of these regions. sec. 3. definitions. in this act: (1. committee. -- the term "committee" means the long Island Sound stewardship(f) meetings. --the committee shall meet at the call of the chairperson, but not less than 4 times each year. (g) quorum. --a majority of the members of the committee shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. sec. 6. duties of the committees. -- the committee may-- (1) consistent with the guidelines described in section 9 (c)-- (a) establish specific criteria for the evaluation of applications for stewardship site designations; and (b) evaluate and award or deny stewardship designation to applicants for that designation; (c) evaluate applications from government or nonprofit organizations qualified to hold conservation easements for funds to purchase land or development rights; and, (d) award funds to qualified applicants; (3) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this act, develop and publish a management plan that-- (a)(a) assesses the current resources of and threats to long island sound; (b)(a)(b) evaluates and award stewardship sites; (2) evaluates the current resource of and threat to long Island sound; and(c) establishes-- (b)-- (c(a) criteria, schedules, and due dates for applying for designation as a stewardship Site; and/or (b(c)(d) awards funds to qualifying applicants; and and (3(e) not sooner than 1 or 1 year post the date after the enactment of the act; and) publish a second management plan; and the third management plan, develop, publish a Management plan that(d) establishes information about any grants that are available for the purchase of land or property rights to protect stewardship Sites; (e) shall be made available to the public on the internet and in hardcopy form; and will be updated at least every other year, with information on applications for designation and funding published more frequently; (4) concurrent with the first management plan and (5) specific criteria to be used in evaluating stewardship web sites; and also includes information about the stewardship Web site applications; (6) includes information on any grants, and (7) lists of stewardship material that the committee considers most appropriate for the use of the land and property rights for the purpose of the purpose, and other information that the member considers necessary to carry out this act. (a, b) information from federal agencies. (c, b, c, d, e, e) --the United States mails. --(2) confirmation of executive director. --the employment of an executive director shall be subject to confirmation by the committee. (3) compensation. -- (a) in general. --except as provided in subparagraph (b), the chairperson of the committee may fix the compensation of the executive director and other personnel without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter iii of chapter 53 of title 5, united states code, relating to classification of positions and general schedule pay rates. (b) maximum rate of pay. --(a) minimum rate of compensation for the executive directors and other employees. --a minimum rate payable for level v of the Executive schedule under section 5316 of title 4, united States code. (d) detail of federal government employees. (1) --an employee of the federal government may be detailed to the committee without reimbursement. (2) civil service status. -- the detail of the employee shall be without interruption or loss of civil service or privilege. (e) procurement of temporary and intermittent services. (f) procurement and intermittent service, at rates for individuals that do not exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level 1 of the national estuary program under section 3109 (b, united state code, and the executive schedule under the federal water pollution control act (33 u.s.c. 1330). (f). civil service. --in this section, the detail and the employee may be without interrupt or loss thereof. (g) provision of temporary or intermittent services, (c) procurement. --as the chairman of the chairwoman of the committees may procure temporary and interim services in accordance with section 3108 (b- of title 3109) of the United states code. --f) provision for individuals. --there is provision for the provision of services for individuals to do not meet or exceed the minimum equivalent of annual rate for basic pay. (h) general guidelines for stewardship sites. (a)(1) definition of qualifying land. -- in this section. --on this section and the term "qualifying land" means land-- (1" that is in the region; and (2" that are in the area; and "2) that is-- (a" federal, state, local, or tribal land; (b. land owned by a nonprofit organization; (c" land owned or a nonprofit land; or (c- privately owned land. ( b) application for designation. --owners or other parties in control of qualifying(1) not more than 15 percent of funds made available under subsection (a) shall be used to improve the facilities of stewardship sites; and (2) at least 85 percent of proceeds made available during the period under review (a)(b) shall not exceed 15 percent. (c) federal share. --the federal share of the cost of an activity carried out using any assistance or grant under this act shall not meet 75 percent of the total cost of the activity. (d) federal shares. -- the federal shareof the costof an activity performed out using some assistance or Grant under this Act shall not be used for the purposes of this act.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6467100977897644</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>97</ROW><BILL>"Short Title.--This Act may be cited as the ``Strengthening the Transition and Reintegration Of the National Guard and Reserves Act'' or the ``STRONGR Act''. Table of Contents.--The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Extension of transitional health care coverage to one year for members of reserve components for mental health care. Sec. 3. Increase in amount of basic educational assistance for members of the Selected Reserve and members of reserve components supporting contingency operations. Sec. 4. Nonreduction in pay while Federal employee is serving on active duty in a reserve component of the uniformed services. Sec. 5. Assistance for State and local governments that continue to pay employees who serve on active duty in a reserve component of the uniformed services. Sec. 6. Active-duty reserve component employee credit added to general business credit. MEMBERS OF RESERVE COMPONENTS FOR MENTAL HEALTH CARE. Section 1145of title 10, United States Code, is amended in paragraph -- by inserting ``'' after ``''; and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ``In addition to the period described in subparagraph , transitional health care shall be available for an additional 180 days, for mental health care only, to a member of a reserve component described in paragraph . The additional 180 days shall begin at the end of the period described in subparagraph .''. OF THE SELECTED RESERVE AND MEMBERS OF RESERVE COMPONENTS SUPPORTING CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. Members of Selected Reserve.-- Increase in amount of assistance.--Section 16131of title 10, United States Code, is amended-- in paragraph , by striking ``at the following rates'' and all that follows through the end and inserting ``at the rate provided under paragraph .''; and in paragraph , by striking all and inserting the following: ``Educational assistance provided under this chapter shall be paid at a rate equal the applicable percentage under subparagraph of the rate provided under section 3015of title 38 for an approved program of education pursued on a full-time basis. ``The applicable percentage under this subparagraph is-- ``50 percent for each month in which the individual pursues an approved program of education on a full time basis; ``37.5 percent for each month in which the individual pursues an approved program of education on a three-quarter- time basis; ``25 percent for each month in which the individual pursues an approved program of education on a half-time basis; and ``an appropriately reduced percent, as determined under regulations which the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall prescribe, for each month in which the individual pursues an approved program of education on less than a half-time basis, except that no payment may be made to an individual for a month in which the individual pursues such a program on less than a half-time basis if tuition assistance is otherwise available to the individual for such pursuit from the military department concerned.''. Effective date.--The amendments made by paragraph shall apply with respect to an educational assistance allowance under section 16131of such title paid for months beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. Reserve Components Supporting Contingency Operations.-- Increase in amount.--Section 16162of title 10, United States Code, is amended-- in subparagraph by striking ``40 percent'' and inserting ``60 percent''; and in subparagraph by striking ``60 percent'' and inserting ``70 percent''. Effective date.--The amendments made by paragraph shall apply with respect to an educational assistance allowance under section 16162of such title paid for months beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. DUTY IN A RESERVE COMPONENT OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. In General.--Subchapter IV of chapter 55 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ``Sec. 5538. Nonreduction in pay while serving on active duty in a reserve component ``An employee who is also a member of a reserve component and is absent from a position of employment with the Federal Government under a call or order to serve on active duty for a period of more than 30 days shall be entitled to receive, for each pay period described in subsection , an amount equal to the amount by which-- ``the amount of civilian basic pay that would otherwise have been payable to the employee for such pay period if the employee's civilian employment with the Government had not been interrupted by the service on active duty, exceeds (if at all) ``the amount of military compensation that is payable to the employee for the service on active duty and is allocable to such pay period. ``Amounts under this section shall be payable with respect to each pay period (which would otherwise apply if the employee's civilian employment had not been interrupted) that occurs-- ``while the employee serves on active duty for a period of more than 30 days; ``while the employee is hospitalized for, or convalescing from, an illness or injury incurred in, or aggravated during, the performance of such active duty; or ``during the 14-day period beginning at the end of such active duty or the end of the period referred to in subparagraph . ``Paragraph shall not apply with respect to a pay period for which the employee receives civilian basic pay (including by taking any annual, military, or other paid leave) to which the employee is entitled by virtue of the employee's civilian employment with the Government. ``Any amount payable under this section to an employee shall be paid-- ``by the employing agency of the employee; ``from the appropriation or fund that would be used to pay the employee if the employee were in a pay status; and ``to the extent practicable, at the same time and in the same manner as would civilian basic pay if the employee's civilian employment had not been interrupted. ``In consultation with Secretary of Defense, the Office of Personnel Management shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry out this section. ``In consultation with the Office, the head of each agency referred to in section 2302shall prescribe procedures to ensure that the rights under this section apply to the employees of such agency. ``The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall, in consultation with the Office, prescribe procedures to ensure that the rights under this section apply to the employees of that agency. ``For the purpose of this section-- ``the terms `active duty for a period of more than 30 days', `member', and `reserve component' have the meanings given such terms in section 101 of title 37; ``the term `civilian basic pay' includes any amount payable under section 5304; ``the term `employing agency', as used with respect to an employee entitled to any payments under this section, means the agency or other entity of the Government (including an agency referred to in section 2302) with respect to which the employee has reemployment rights under chapter 43 of title 38; and ``the term `military compensation' has the meaning given the term `pay' in section 101of title 37.''. Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 55 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5537 the following new item: ``5538. Nonreduction in pay while serving on active duty in a reserve component.''. Application of Amendment.--Section 5538 of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection , shall apply with respect to pay periods (as described in subsection of such section) beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. EMPLOYEES WHO SERVE ON ACTIVE DUTY IN A RESERVE COMPONENT OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. In General.--Chapter 17 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ``Sec. 911. Assistance for State and local governments that continue to pay employees who serve on active duty ``Continuation of Civilian Basic Pay.--It is the purpose of this section to encourage States and local governments to continue to pay a portion of the civilian compensation of those employees who are also members of a reserve component and are absent from a position of employment with the State or local government under a call or order to serve on active duty for a period of more than 30 days so that the employees receive compensation in an amount that, when taken together with their military pay, is at least equal to their civilian compensation. ``Reimbursement Offered.--At the request of a State or local government that continues to pay all or a portion of the civilian compensation of an employee described in subsection , the Secretary concerned shall reimburse the State or local government for 50 percent of the civilian compensation paid by the State or local government for each pay period described in subsection , but not to exceed 50 percent of the difference (if any) between-- ``the amount of civilian compensation that would otherwise have been payable to the employee for such pay period if the employee's civilian employment with the State or local government had not been interrupted by the service on active duty; and ``the amount of military pay that is payable to the employee for the service on active duty and is allocable to such pay period. ``If the pay periods described in subsection extend more than nine consecutive months after the first day of the first month during which the employee began to serve on active duty for a period of more than 30 days, the reimbursement rate shall become 100 percent for the subsequent payments. However, as is the case under paragraph , reimbursement shall be provided only for the difference (if any) between-- ``the amount of civilian compensation that would otherwise have been payable to the employee for such pay period if the employee's civilian employment with the State or local government had not been interrupted by the service on active duty; and ``the amount of military pay that is payable to the employee for the service on active duty and is allocable to such pay period. ``Pay Periods.--Reimbursement shall be provided under this section with respect to each pay period (which would otherwise apply if the employee's civilian employment had not been interrupted) that occurs-- ``while the employee serves on active duty for a period of more than 30 days; ``while the employee is hospitalized for, or convalescing from, an illness or injury incurred in, or aggravated during, the performance of such active duty; or ``during the 14-day period beginning at the end of such active duty or the end of the period referred to in subparagraph . ``Effect of Failure To Return to Employment.--If an employee described in subsection , with respect to whom reimbursement is provided to a State or local government under this section, fails to report or apply for employment or reemployment with the State or local government by the end of the period referred to in subsection , the employee shall refund to the Secretary concerned the total amount of the reimbursement provided with respect to the employee. ``Subject to paragraph , an obligation to refund moneys to the United States imposed under paragraph is for all purposes a debt owed to the United States. ``The Secretary concerned may waive, in whole or in part, a refund required under paragraph if the Secretary concerned determines that recovery would be against equity and good conscience or would be contrary to the best interests of the United States. ``A discharge in bankruptcy under title 11 that is entered less than five years after the end of the period referred to in subsection does not discharge the employee from a debt arising under paragraph . This paragraph applies to any case commenced under title 11 after the date of the enactment of this section. ``Regulations.--The Secretaries concerned shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section. ``Definitions.--In this section: ``The term `civilian compensation' means the wages or salary that an employee of a State or local government normally receives from the employee's employment by the State or local government. ``The term `local government' means an agency or political subdivision of a State. ``The term `military pay' has the meaning given the term `pay' in section 101of this title. ``The term `State' means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, and other territories or possessions of the United States.''. Clerical Amendment.--The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 17 of title 37, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 909 the following new item: ``911. Assistance for State and local governments that continue to pay employees who serve on active duty.''. Application of Amendment.--Section 911 of title 37, United States Code, as added by subsection , shall apply with respect to pay periods (as described in subsection of such section) beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. BUSINESS CREDIT. Addition of Credit.--Subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to business- related credits) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: `` ``General Rule.--For purposes of section 38, in the case of an employer, the active-duty reserve component employee credit determined under this section for the taxable year is an amount equal to 50 percent of the compensation paid by the employer to an employee who is also a member of a reserve component during the taxable year when the employee was absent from employment for a reason described in subsection . ``Limitation.--The amount allowed as a credit under subsection shall not exceed 50 percent of the difference (if any) between-- ``the amount of compensation that would otherwise have been payable to the employee during such absence if the employee's employment with the employer had not been interrupted by the employee's absence; and ``the amount of military pay that is payable to the employee during the absence. ``Covered Pay Periods.--Subsection shall apply with respect to an employee who is also a member of a reserve component-- ``while the employee serves on active duty for a period of more than 30 days; ``while the employee is hospitalized for, or convalescing from, an illness or injury incurred in, or aggravated during, the performance of such active duty; or ``during the 14-day period beginning at the end of such active duty or the end of the period referred to in paragraph . ``Days Not Taken Into Account.--No credit shall be allowed under subsection with respect to an employee on any day on which the employee was not scheduled to work (for a reason other than such service on active duty) and ordinarily would not have worked. ``Definitions.--For purposes of this section-- ``The terms `active duty for a period of more than 30 days', `member', and `reserve component' have the meanings given such terms in section 101 of title 37, United States Code. ``The term `compensation' means any remuneration for employment, whether in cash or in kind, which is paid or incurred by a taxpayer and which is deductible from the taxpayer's gross income under section 162.''. Credit To Be Part of General Business Credit.--Subsection of section 38 of such Code (relating to general business credit) is amended by striking ``plus'' at the end of paragraph , by striking the period at the end of paragraph and inserting ``, plus'', and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ``the active-duty reserve component employee credit determined under section 45N.''. Conforming Amendment.--The table of sections for subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 45M the following new item: ``Sec. 45N. Active-duty reserve component employee credit.''. Effective Date.--The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2007."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title; table of contents. (a) short title. --this act may be cited as the "strengthening the transition and reintegration of the national guard and reserves act" or the "strongr act". (b) table of content. --the table of items for this act is as follows: sec. 1.short title; tables of contents, sec. 2. extension of transitional health care coverage to one year for members of the selected reserve and members of reserve components supporting contingency operations. sec. 3. increase in amount of basic educational assistance for members, members of selected reserve. -- (1) increase in the amount of assistance. --(1) additional revenue for the secretary of veterans affairs and other departments that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall prescribe, for each month in which the individual pursues an approved program of education on less than a half-time basis. sec., (1. increase of transitional medical assistance for member of the select reserve and member of reserve component for mental health care. sec, 4. nonreduction in pay while federal employee is serving on active duty in a reserve component of the uniformed services. sec,. 5. assistance for state and local governments that continue to pay employees who serve on activeduty in a reserv component of a uniformed service. sec.. 6. active-duty reserve component employee credit added to general business credit. sec... sec. 5. active duty reserve component member credit added. sec -5. active active- duty reserve and reserve component worker credit added, for general business card. sec --5. extension in transitional health health care insurance coverage to two years for members and reserve components for mental Health care. section 1145 (a)(a) of title 10, united states code, is amended in paragraph (3)-- (1" by inserting " (a)" after "(3)"; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: " (b). in addition to the period described in subparagraph (a), transitional health Care shall be available for an additional 180 days, for mentalhealth care only, to a member of a reserve components described in paragraph 1) (b. the additional 180 day shall begin at the beginning of the period of subparagraph (1). the additional 90 days shall begin with the end of the section described inparagraph (a). ". sec. --section 16162 (c)(4) of Title 10, divided states code. --a) increase of basic education assistance for the selected reservesunder section 16162 (c)(4) of such title paid for months beginning after the date of the enactment of this act. sec. 4. nonreduction in pay while federal employee is serving on active duty in a reserve component of the uniformed services. (a) in general. --subchapter iv of chapter 55 of title 5, united states code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: "sec. 5538. nonReduction in the pay while serving on Active duty in reserve component " (a. an employee who is also a member of a reserving component and is absent from a position of employment with the federal government under a call or order to serve on duty for a period of more than 30 days shall be entitled to receive, for each pay period described in subsection (b), an amount equal to the amount of civilian basic pay that would otherwise have been payable to the employee for such pay period if the employee was absent from the position of the reserve component. " (b)(1) amounts under this section shall be payable with respect to each payperiod described in subparagraph (b) that occurs-- "(1) " (if at all) "(2) "(b) " " (1) the amount that would be payable to a civilian base pay (which would otherwise has been paid if the civilian employment had not been interrupted by the military, or other paid leave). " (2) the number of military compensation that is payable to an employee for the service on activeduty; " (3) and " (4) and (5) the amounts payable to any employee for any service on military; and "(5) and is allocable to such military compensation. " " " b(b)(2) amount under this period shall be paid for each time period described by subparagraph (c). "(2)(b) amount of pay period (which is otherwise apply if the employer's civilian employment with not been interrupt) that occur-- " ( a) while the employee serves on active Duty for a term of more or 30 days; " "b) while, the employee is hospitalized for, or convalescing from, an illness or injury incurred in, or aggravated during, the performance of such active duty; or " (c) during the 14-day period beginning at the tail end of the active duty or the end of a period referred to in subparagraph 1. "(2 (b). "(3) the term 'military compensation' is payable by virtue of the employeesec. 5. assistance for state and local governments that continue to pay employees who serve on active duty in a reserve component of the uniformed services. (a) in general. --chapter 17 of title 37, united states code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: "sec. 6. assistance to states and local government that continue not to pay employee who serves on active Duty in a reserv component of a reserve service. (b) in the general. (c) in this section. (d) in a continuation of civilian basic pay. --(a) continuation of military basic pay, (b). --(b) continuation. --it is the purpose of this section to encourage states andlocal governments to continue to Pay a portion of the civilian compensation of those employees who are also members of the reserve component and are absent from a position of employment with the state or local government under a call or order to serve on duty for a period of more than 30 days so that the employees receive compensation in an amount that, when taken together with their military pay, is at least equal to their civilian compensation. " (b. reimbursement offered. -- (1) at the request of a state orlocal government that continues to pay all or a part of the military compensation of an employee described in subsection (a), the secretary concerned shall reimburse the state (a, with respect to the amount of military pay that would otherwise have been payable to the employee for the service on Active Duty and is allocable to such pay period. --reimbursement shall be provided only for the difference (if any) between-- " (a). -- (a. --the amount of civilian compensation that would be payable to any employee for any service on duty and is payable to such service on activeduty and is reimbursed to the state if the employee has not been interrupted by the military service on the service (active duty and the service that is payable by the service of active duty and are allocable for such pay periods. "(2) if the pay periods described in the section are described in subparagraph (c), the reimbursement rate shall become 100 percent for the remainder of the payment to the secretary for the state on Active duty. (3) --(1) the reimbursement rates described in section (c, if the state, local government, and the military pay for the employee's civilian employment with a service on military had not been available to the service, is payable in the state. "(3) if any of the pay" (f) definitions. --in this section: "(1) the term 'civilian compensation' means the wages or salary that an employee of a state or local government normally receives from the employee's employment by the state orlocal government. "(2) the terms 'local government' means an agency or political subdivision of a county or state. "(3) the word 'military pay' has the meaning given the term'pay' in section 101(21) of this title. "(4) the 'state' means each of the several states of the united states, the district of columbia, the commonwealth of puerto rico, guam, the virgin islands, and other territories or possessions of the United states. "(5) the definition of the term is given by section 101 of section 101, united states code. "(6) the meaning of the terms is given in section 102(21), united states codes. "(7) the use of the phrase 'state', which means each state, the territory of the virgin island, the state of ciudad, the territories of the Virgin Islands, and the territories and possessions of Puerto rico. "(8) clerical amendment. --the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 17 of title 37, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 909 the following new item: "911. assistance for state and local governments that continue to pay employees who serve on active duty. ". (c) application of amendment. -section 911 of title37, united States code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with respect to pay periods (as described in subsection (b) of such section) beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this act. sec. 6. active-duty reserve component employee credit added to general business credit. (a) addition of credit. --subpart d of part iv of subchapter a of chapter 1 of the internal revenue code of 1986 (relating to business- related credits) is amended. --section (a)(a) added to the list of sections. "sec. 45n. active -duty reserve components employee credit. " (a, general rule. --for purposes of section 38, in the case of an employer, the active-duty reserve component employees credit determined under this section for the taxable year is an amount equal to 50 percent of the compensation paid by the employer to an employee who is also a member of a reserve component during the taxable years when the"(32) the active-duty reserve component employee credit determined under section 45n (a). ". (c) conforming amendment. --the table of sections for subpart d of part iv of subchapter a of chapter 1 of such code is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 45m the following new item: "sec. 45n. active- duty reserve component employees credit.". (d) effective date. -- the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after december 31, 2007. --there shall apply for taxable years starting after deDecember 31, 2008.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6419459581375122</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>98</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Medicaid Cash and Counseling Program Act of 2005''. (CASH AND COUNSELING). Exemption From Certain Requirements.--Section 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ``A State may provide, as `medical assistance', payment for part or all of the cost of self-directed personal assistance services (other than room and board) under the plan which are provided pursuant to a written plan of care to individuals with respect to whom there has been a determination that, but for the provision of such services, the individuals would require and receive personal care services under the plan, or home and community-based services provided pursuant to a waiver under sub-section . Self-directed personal assistance services may not be provided under this subsection to individuals who reside in a home or property that is owned, operated, or controlled by a provider of services, not related by blood or marriage. ``The Secretary shall not grant approval for a State self- directed personal assistance services program under this section unless the State provides assurances satisfactory to the Secretary of the following: ``Necessary safeguards have been taken to protect the health and welfare of individuals provided services under the program, and to assure financial accountability for funds expended with respect to such services. ``The State will provide, with respect to individuals who-- ``are entitled to medical assistance for personal care services under the plan, or receive home and community-based services under a waiver granted under subsection ; ``may require self-directed personal assistance services; and ``may be eligible for self-directed personal assistance services, an evaluation of the need for personal care under the plan, or personal services under a waiver granted under subsection . ``Such individuals who are determined to be likely to require personal care under the plan, or home and community- based services under a waiver granted under subsection are informed of the feasible alternatives, if available under the State's self-directed personal assistance services program, at the choice of such individuals, to the provision of personal care services under the plan, or personal assistance services under a waiver granted under subsection . ``The State will provide for a support system that ensures participants in the self-directed personal assistance services program are appropriately assessed and counseled prior to enrollment and are able to manage their budgets. Additional counseling and management support may be provided at the request of the participant. ``The State will provide to the Secretary an annual report on the number of individuals served and total expenditures on their behalf in the aggregate. The State shall also provide an evaluation of overall impact on the health and welfare of participating individuals compared to non- participants every three years. ``A State may provide self-directed personal assistance services under the State plan without regard to the requirements of section 1902and may limit the population eligible to receive these services and limit the number of persons served without regard to section 1902. ``For purposes of this subsection, the term `self-directed personal assistance services' means personal care and related services, or home and community-based services otherwise available under the plan under this title or subsection , that are provided to an eligible participant under a self-directed personal assistance services program under this section, under which individuals, within an approved self- directed services plan and budget, purchase personal assistance and related services, and permits participants to hire, fire, supervise, and manage the individuals providing such services. ``At the election of the State-- ``a participant may choose to use any individual capable of providing the assigned tasks including legally liable relatives as paid providers of the services; and ``the individual may use the individual's budget to acquire items that increase independence or substitute (such as a microwave oven or an accessibility ramp) for human assistance, to the extent that expenditures would otherwise be made for the human assistance. ``For purpose of this section, the term `approved self-directed services plan and budget' means, with respect to a participant, the establishment of a plan and budget for the provision of self-directed personal assistance services, consistent with the following requirements: ``Self-direction.--The participant (or in the case of a participant who is a minor child, the participant's parent or guardian, or in the case of an incapacitated adult, another individual recognized by state law to act on behalf of the participant) exercises choice and control over the budget, planning, and purchase of self-directed personal assistance services, including the amount, duration, scope, provider and location of service provision. ``Assessment of needs.--There is an assessment of the needs, strengths, and preferences of the participants for such services. ``Service plan.--A plan for such services (and supports for such services) for the participant has been developed and approved by the State based on such assessment through a person-centered process that-- ``builds upon the participant's capacity to engage in activities that promote community life and that respects the participant's preferences, choices and abilities; and ``involves families, friends, and professionals in the planning or delivery of services or supports as desired or required by the participant. ``Service budget.--A budget for such services and supports for the participant has been developed and approved by the State based on such assessment and plan and on a methodology that uses valid, reliable cost data, is open to public inspection, and includes a calculation of the expected cost of such services if those services were not self-directed. The budget may not restrict access to other medically necessary care and services furnished under the plan and approved by the state but not included in the budget. ``Application of quality assurance and risk management.--There are appropriate quality assurance and risk management techniques used in establishing and implementing such plan and budget that recognize the roles and responsibilities in obtaining services in a self-directed manner and assure the appropriateness of such plan and budget based upon the participant's resources and capabilities. ``A State may employ a financial management entity to make payments to providers, track costs, and make reports under the program. Payment for the activities of the financial management entity shall be at the administrative rate established in section 1903.''. Effective Date.--The amendment made by subsection shall apply to services furnished on or after January 1, 2006."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "medicaid cash and counseling program act of 2005". sec. 2. optional choice of self-directed personal assistance services (cash and counseling). (a) exemption from certain requirements. --section 1915 of the social security act (42 u.s.c. 1396n) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: " (i)(1) a state may provide, as 'medical assistance', payment for part or all of the cost of the personal care services (other than room and board) under the plan which are provided pursuant to a written plan of care to individuals with respect to whom there has been a determination that, but for the provision of such services, the individuals would require and receive personal care, or home and community-based services under the state plan, or to the extent that such services are provided under the program, or that the state may not provide such services. " (ii) the secretary shall not grant approval for a state self- directed personal assistance service program under this section unless the state provides assurances satisfactory to the secretary of the following: " " (iii) the state will provide for the state to provide for self-direct personal care service under the plans, or for home and Community-based service provided pursuant a waiver under sub-section (c). self-direction personal assistance and may not be provided under this subsection to individuals who reside in a home or property that is owned, operated, or controlled by a provider of services, not related by blood or marriage. "(2) the Secretary shall not provide approval for or provide for a State self- direct personal assistance Services program under a waiver granted under subsection (c); " (iv) the State may provide for, with respect, to the state, a state to the individual self- assisted personal assistance program under the provision, or a state that provides for the individual to receive self-Direct personal assistance, or personal services provided under subsection, or the state shall provide the individual with a waiver for the program. (b) the individual may provide-- " (c) are entitled to medical assistance, an evaluation of the need for personal care under the Plan, or homes and community -based services, or receive home and addition-based Services under a blanket granted under subsections (c), or personal service provided under (a). " (e) may require self-advisory services; " (v) may be able to provide self-help services, anassistance, to the extent that expenditures would otherwise be made for the human assistance. "(5) for purpose of this section, the term 'approved self-directed services plan and budget' means, with respect to a participant, the establishment of a plan and resolution for the provision of self-direct personal assistance services, consistent with the following requirements: " (a) self-direction. --the participant (or in the case of a participant who is a minor child, the participant's parent or guardian, or in the event of an incapacitated adult, another individual recognized by state law to act on behalf of the participant) exercises choice and control over the budget, planning, and purchase of self -directed personal assistance service, including the amount, duration, scope, provider and location of service provision. " (b) assessment of needs. --there is an assessment of the needs, strengths, and preferences of the participants for such services. " " (c) service plan. --a plan for such Services (and supports for suchservices) for the participant has been developed and approved by the state based on such assessment through a person-centered process that-- " (i) builds upon the participant and the participant is able to engage in activities that promote community life and that respects the participant, choices, and abilities; and " (ii) involves families, friends, and professionals in the planning or delivery of services or supports as desired or required by the participant. "(6) preparation for self-service plan. -a plan or plan for any services (and Supports for suchServices) forthe participant has be developed and approval by the State based onsuch assessment through an person-oriented process that– " (I) builds on the participant’s capacity to participate in activities, activities that promotes community life, and that reflects the participant with preferences, choices and abilities, and “ (ii( involves families) friends, or professionals in planning or delivered of services and supports as requested or required for the Participant. " � (d) service budget. --asa budget for such materials and supports for the recipient has been develop and approved for the state Based on such Assessment and plan and on a methodology that uses valid, reliable cost data, is open to public inspection, and includes a calculation of the expected cost of such services if those services were not self- directed. the budget may not restrict access to other medically necessary care and services furnished under the plan and approved. " and services provided under the program and approved in the budget</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6903102993965149</ALIGNSCORE>
<ROW>99</ROW><BILL>"This Act may be cited as the ``Manhattan Project National Historical Park Act''. Congress finds that-- the Manhattan Project was an unprecedented top-secret program implemented during World War II to produce an atomic bomb before Nazi Germany; a panel of experts convened by the President's Advisory Council on Historic Preservation in 2001-- stated that ``the development and use of the atomic bomb during World War II has been called `the single most significant event of the 20th century'''; and recommended that nationally significant sites associated with the Manhattan Project be formally established as a collective unit and be administered for preservation, commemoration, and public interpretation in cooperation with the National Park Service; the Manhattan Project National Historical Park Study Act (Public Law 108-340; 118 Stat. 1362) directed the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, to conduct a special resource study of the historically significant sites associated with the Manhattan Project to assess the national significance, suitability, and feasibility of designating one or more sites as a unit of the National Park System; after significant public input, the National Park Service study found that ``including Manhattan Project-related sites in the national park system will expand and enhance the protection and preservation of such resources and provide for comprehensive interpretation and public understanding of this nationally significant story in the 20th century American history''; the Department of the Interior, with the concurrence of the Department of Energy, recommended the establishment of a Manhattan Project National Historical Park comprised of resources at-- Oak Ridge, Tennessee; Los Alamos, New Mexico; and Hanford, in the Tri-Cities area, Washington; and designation of a Manhattan Project National Historical Park as a unit of the National Park System would improve the preservation of, interpretation of, and access to the nationally significant historic resources associated with the Manhattan Project for present and future generations to gain a better understanding of the Manhattan Project, including the significant, far-reaching, and complex legacy of the Manhattan Project. The purposes of this Act are-- to preserve and protect for the benefit of present and future generations the nationally significant historic resources associated with the Manhattan Project; to improve public understanding of the Manhattan Project and the legacy of the Manhattan Project through interpretation of the historic resources associated with the Manhattan Project; to enhance public access to the Historical Park consistent with protection of public safety, national security, and other aspects of the mission of the Department of Energy; and to assist the Department of Energy, Historical Park communities, historical societies, and other interested organizations and individuals in efforts to preserve and protect the historically significant resources associated with the Manhattan Project. In this Act: Historical park.--The term ``Historical Park'' means the Manhattan Project National Historical Park established under section 5. Manhattan project.--The term ``Manhattan Project'' means the Federal program to develop an atomic bomb ending on December 31, 1946. Secretary.--The term ``Secretary'' means the Secretary of the Interior. Establishment.-- Date.--Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, there shall be established as a unit of the National Park System the Manhattan Project National Historical Park. Areas included.--The Historical Park shall consist of facilities and areas listed under subsection as determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy. The Secretary shall include the area referred to in subsection , the B Reactor National Historic Landmark, in the Historical Park. Eligible Areas.--The Historical Park may only be comprised of one or more of the following areas, or portions of the areas, and depicted in the map titled ___ and numbered ____: Oak ridge, tennessee.--Facilities, land, or interests in land that are-- at Buildings 9204-3 and 9731 at the Y-12 National Security Complex; at the X-10 Graphite Reactor at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory; at the K-25 Building site at the East Tennessee Technology Park; and at the former Guest House located at 210 East Madison Road. Los alamos, new mexico.--Facilities, land, or interests in land that are-- in the Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory National Historic Landmark District, or any addition to the Landmark District proposed in the National Historic Landmark Nomination--Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory NHL District (Working Draft of NHL Revision), Los Alamos National Laboratory document LA-UR 12-00387 (January 26, 2012); at the former East Cafeteria located at 1670 Nectar Street; and at the former dormitory located at 1725 17th Street. Hanford, washington.--Facilities, land, or interests in land that are-- the B Reactor National Historic Landmark; the Hanford High School in the town of Hanford and Hanford Construction Camp Historic District; the White Bluffs Bank building in the White Bluffs Historic District; the warehouse at the Bruggemann's Agricultural Complex; the Hanford Irrigation District Pump House; and the T Plant (221-T Process Building). Written Consent of Owner.--No non-Federal property may be included in the Historical Park without the written consent of the owner. In General.--Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Secretary of Energy (acting through the Oak Ridge, Los Alamos, and Richland site offices) shall enter into an agreement governing the respective roles of the Secretary and the Secretary of Energy in administering the facilities, land, or interests in land under the administrative jurisdiction of the Department of Energy that is to be included in the Historical Park under section 5, including provisions for enhanced public access, management, interpretation, and historic preservation. Responsibilities of the Secretary.--Any agreement under subsection shall provide that the Secretary shall-- have decisionmaking authority for the content of historic interpretation of the Manhattan Project for purposes of administering the Historical Park; and ensure that the agreement provides an appropriate advisory role for the National Park Service in preserving the historic resources covered by the agreement. Responsibilities of the Secretary of Energy.--Any agreement under subsection shall provide that the Secretary of Energy-- shall ensure that the agreement appropriately protects public safety, national security, and other aspects of the ongoing mission of the Department of Energy at the Oak Ridge Reservation, Los Alamos National Laboratory, and Hanford Site; may consult with and provide historical information to the Secretary concerning the Manhattan Project; shall retain responsibility, in accordance with applicable law, for any environmental remediation that may be necessary in or around the facilities, land, or interests in land governed by the agreement; and shall retain authority and legal obligations for historic preservation and general maintenance, including to ensure safe access, in connection with the Department's Manhattan Project resources. Amendments.--The agreement under subsection may be amended, including to add to the Historical Park facilities, land, or interests in land within the eligible areas described in section 5that are under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of Energy. In General.--The Secretary shall consult with interested State, county, and local officials, organizations, and interested members of the public-- before executing any agreement under section 6; and in the development of the general management plan under section 8. Notice of Determination.--Not later than 30 days after the date on which an agreement under section 6 is entered into, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register notice of the establishment of the Historical Park, including an official boundary map. Availability of Map.--The official boundary map published under subsection shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. The map shall be updated to reflect any additions to the Historical Park from eligible areas described in section 5. Additions.--Any land, interest in land, or facility within the eligible areas described in section 5that is acquired by the Secretary or included in an amendment to the agreement under section 6shall be added to the Historical Park. In General.--The Secretary shall administer the Historical Park in accordance with-- this Act; and the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System, including-- the National Park System Organic Act (16 U.S.C. 1 et seq.); and the Act of August 21, 1935 (16 U.S.C. 461 et seq.). General Management Plan.--Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are made available to carry out this section, the Secretary, with the concurrence of the Secretary of Energy, and in consultation and collaboration with the Oak Ridge, Los Alamos and Richland Department of Energy site offices, shall complete a general management plan for the Historical Park in accordance with section 12of Public Law 91-383 (commonly known as the ``National Park Service General Authorities Act'') (16 U.S.C. 1a-7). Interpretive Tours.--The Secretary may, subject to applicable law, provide interpretive tours of historically significant Manhattan Project sites and resources in the States of Tennessee, New Mexico, and Washington that are located outside the boundary of the Historical Park. Land Acquisition.-- In general.--The Secretary may acquire land and interests in land within the eligible areas described in section 5by-- transfer of administrative jurisdiction from the Department of Energy by agreement between the Secretary and the Secretary of Energy; donation; or exchange. No use of condemnation.--The Secretary may not acquire by condemnation any land or interest in land under this Act or for the purposes of this Act. Donations; Cooperative Agreements.-- Federal facilities.-- In general.--The Secretary may enter into one or more agreements with the head of a Federal agency to provide public access to, and management, interpretation, and historic preservation of, historically significant Manhattan Project resources under the jurisdiction or control of the Federal agency. Donations; cooperative agreements.--The Secretary may accept donations from, and enter into cooperative agreements with, State governments, units of local government, tribal governments, organizations, or individuals to further the purpose of an interagency agreement entered into under subparagraph or to provide visitor services and administrative facilities within reasonable proximity to the Historical Park. Technical assistance.--The Secretary may provide technical assistance to State, local, or tribal governments, organizations, or individuals for the management, interpretation, and historic preservation of historically significant Manhattan Project resources not included within the Historical Park. Donations to department of energy.--For the purposes of this Act, or for the purpose of preserving and providing access to historically significant Manhattan Project resources, the Secretary of Energy may accept, hold, administer, and use gifts, bequests, and devises (including labor and services). No Buffer Zone Created.--Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Historical Park, or the management plan for the Historical Park shall be construed to create buffer zones outside of the Historical Park. That an activity can be seen and heard from within the Historical Park shall not preclude the conduct of that activity or use outside the Historical Park. No Cause of Action.--Nothing in this Act shall constitute a cause of action with respect to activities outside or adjacent to the established boundary of the Historical Park."</BILL><SUMMARY>section 1. short title. this act may be cited as the "manhattan project national historical park act". sec. 2. findings. congress finds that-- (1) the manhattan project was an unprecedented top-secret program implemented during world war ii to produce an atomic bomb before nazi germany; (2) a panel of experts convened by the president's advisory council on historic preservation in 2001-- (a) stated that "the development and use of the atomic bomb during World war ii has been called 'the single most significant event of the 20th century"'; and (b) recommended that nationally significant sites associated with the project be formally established as a collective unit and be administered for preservation, commemoration, and public interpretation in cooperation with the national park service; (3) the national monument study act (public law 108-340; 118 stat. 1362) directed the secretary of the interior, in consultation with the secretary and energy, to conduct a special resource study of the historically significant sites in the national parks system to assess the national significance, suitability, and feasibility of designating one or more sites as a unit of the national national park system; (4) after significant public input, the national forest service study found that "including manManhattan project-related sites in a national park is a national monument to the history of the nation." sec. 3. study act. the national public input act (Public law 108,340; 119 stat.1362) directs the secretary to conduct: (1. national park study act, (2). national park act, national monument act, and (3. national monument service study find that "such manhattan projects are national monument-related resources and provide for comprehensive interpretation and public understanding of this nationally significant story in the 20- century american history"; (5) the department of the Interior, with the concurrence of the department's secretary of energy, recommended the establishment of a manhattan Project national historical Park comprised of resources at-- (b" oak ridge, tennessee; (b- los alamos, new mexico; and (c) hanford, in the tri-cities area, washington; and, (6) designation of a menhattan project for present and future generations to improve the preservation of, interpretation of, and access to the nationally significant historic resources. sec. 4. purposes. the purposes of this act are-- (2. national historical parks. --the manhattan, national park,historical park. (b) eligible areas. --the historical park may only be comprised of one or more of the following areas, or portions of the areas, and depicted in the map titled ___ and numbered ____: (1) oak ridge, tennessee. --facilities, land, or interests in land that are-- (a) at buildings 9204-3 and 9731 at the y-12 national security complex; (b- at the x-10 graphite reactor at the oak ridge national laboratory; (c) at the k-25 building site at the east tennTennessee technology park; (d) at a former guest house located at 210 east madison road. (2) los alamos, new mexico. -facilities. --franchises, land. (1-1) in the los alamenos scientific laboratory national historic landmark district, or any addition to the landmark district proposed in the national historic historic landmark nomination--los alamo scientific laboratory (lasl) nhl district (working draft of nhl revision), los alaminos national laboratory document la-ur 12-00387 (january 26, 2012); (b). at the former east madisons road; (a, at the site of the former dormitory located at 1725 17th street. (c). (d). (4) hanford, washington. --if any addition is required to the historic park, or an addition to a landmark district is required, the following would be required: (a)(1) the hanfirmos science laboratory (l) Nhl district, los alamonos scientific lab (laslasl, nhl, nh revision), la-urs 12-01387 (January 25, 2012), the white bluffs bank building in the white bancshares national historic district, the former west cafeteria located at 1670 nectar street; and (c. at the old dormitory location at 1750 17th Street. (3) hansford, washton. sec. 6. agreement. --no non-federal property may be included in the historical park without the written consent of owner. --not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this act, the secretary and the secretary of energy in the town of haanford and hanfo construction camp historic district. (a.a. hanforest. --a. the hanaford industrial district; ((1) before executing any agreement under section 6; and (2) in the development of the general management plan under section 8 (b). (b) notice of determination. --not later than 30 days after the date on which an agreement under sections 6 is entered into, the secretary shall publish in the federal register notice of the establishment of the historical park. (c) availability of map. --the official boundary map published under subsection (b shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the national park service. the map shall be updated to reflect any additions to the historic park. --any land, interest in land, or facility within the eligible areas described in section 5 (b), that is acquired by the secretary or included in an amendment to the agreement under the agreement, shall be added to the historical site. sec. 8. administration. (a) in general. -- the secretary may make changes to the existing boundary map. (1) to reflect changes to existing boundary maps. (2). (3) additions. (4) to the new boundary map, including any additions. -- any land, Interest in land or facility in the eligible area described in sections 5 (B) that is obtained by the general park service, or included as an amendment thereto, shall not be added. (5) to add to the current boundary map of sec. 6. sec., sec. 7. administration, (a, in general.) --the secretary shall administer the historical theme in accordance with-- (1)(a) this act; and— (2(2) the laws generally applicable to units of the federal park system, including-- 1) the national national park system organic act (16 u.s.c. 1 et seq. ); and (b- the act of august 21, 1935 (16 n.s.,c. 461 et seq.) ). (b, general plan. -- not later than 3 years after the expiration of the period on which funds are made available to carry out this section, or the secretary, with the concurrence of the secretary of energy, and in consultation and collaboration with the oak ridge, los alamos and richland department of energy site offices, shall complete a general Management plan for the historical parks in accordancewith section 12 (b)(a), the national parks service general authorities act (1a-7 (b); and (a-b) the act (commonly known as the "national park service public authorities act") (that an activity can be seen and heard from within the historical park shall not preclude the conduct of that activity or use outside the historical Park. (b) no cause of action. --nothing in this act shall constitute a cause of Action with respect to activities outside or adjacent to the established boundary of the historical monument. --no cause of any action shall be taken with respectto activities outside of the established boundaries of the Historical park.</SUMMARY><BILL_FROM>../../preprocess/data/clean_billsum_test.csv</BILL_FROM><SUMMARY_FROM>../../output/deliverable_4/led-base/led-base_billsum_clean_test_se3-led-2048-512.csv</SUMMARY_FROM><ALIGNSCORE>0.6126018762588501</ALIGNSCORE>
